---
Chris Moncrief
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1) I had another really good chat with a teacher from my school.
2) I got invited to join the Fantasy Football League at my school. 
3) Having some NYC Team Meeting time was also really nice to have.  

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1) I felt like we lost time on the Google Hangout trying to get everyone set up.
2) n/a
3) n/a

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Whenever possible, team groups should all be in the same place on one computer for the google hangouts.  

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Yes.

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
I throughly agree with the need for project based learning.  Its definitely a gamble, in that there is a decent amount of material that students will not be able to cover to meet more "traditional" standards.  However, I agree that moving forward our society needs to start looking at the ways in which we can use education to best equip young people to address the issues and needs of our present reality not what was true for the past. 

I wish the documentary spent more time showing other examples, both of school/ education models and impacts.  The ones they used were great.  But did little to suggest how we might be able to apply them to school environments other than the one shared in the video.  

It also made me think about the ways that we might start thinking more deliberately about the "soft skills" (Ps. I think that language is problematic).  But our work as Dream Directors in trying to create opportunities for growth in mindsets overlaps a lot with the skills the documentary classifies as most useful young people moving forward.  It makes me wonder about the ways to properly show that growth, or mark progress in them in a way that still allows them the freedom of being abstract and intangible. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
Can we get clarity around what the Future Forums goals are and what they might be used for the help move the organization forward?