---
Kleaver Cruz
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1. Working with Shesheena to figure out fingerprinting and background checks allowed me to get to know Shesheena a little better as a colleague and I appreciate her a lot. 

2. Sara Zapiler's proposal for potential work at Henry St was amazing and really modeled yet another way of proposing the work that we do to our principals. 

3. I enjoy witnessing the ways that each team member supports the team in various ways to prep for the year/beginning of school. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. It was a little tough to coordinate a time for the team to jump on a Hangout since we won't be having an in-person meeting until after the first day of school plans. 

2. My AMEX had a large amount withheld for a security purpose and it processed as two charges so when I wanted to make my final purchases for August, I wasn't able to. 

3. The fingerprinting process for JP and Chris felt a bit disjointed and not as efficient and clear as I would have liked it to be. I was frustrated because I had never gone through that particular process, so I wasn't able to offer very much support other than reiterating instructions. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

N/A

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
We are not registered at Tekserve  in NYC to receive a tax exemption for technological purchases. If you are in NYC and need to buy a product from your budget, let them know at the store that you work for TFP and you will receive the exemption. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
n/a

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I have allergies to raw fruits such as apples, peaches, pears, cherries, etc. 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
JFK or LaGuardia

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No.

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No.