---
JP Reynolds
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1) Our visit to New Haven was amazing. It was dope to see Christian do his thing. He had a couple of really great "Alex Colby Moments" (i.e moments that should've been captured in slow motion with an emotion-driving score)

2) I got to start ordering things for my launch!

3) I got to start setting up in my room with my officemates and better conceiving what I'm going to do with the space at LIHS.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1) I had a bit of trouble with my AMEX card this week. Had to call both American Express and a vendor because they had registered a charge that I didn't confirm. It should be okay now...

2) I have to get in the rhythm of Expensify.

3) I've got to be wiser about my commute. I spent a lot of unnecessary time waiting for buses. The "Transit" app is real. 

4) My principal seems pretty stressed out with changes in the schedule because of our renewal school status. I'll be thinking of ways to make things less stressful for her. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
After being in the school for the last few days, I definitely feel more on track. I do, however, need to revisit the contours of all these elements. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
No. Not at this time. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
On the design website, some of the templates shown are not downloadable. For example the Floating Stuff template will only allow download for the 8.5 x 11 with the light blue background and not for the others. I ended up just designing my own templates from scratch, but perhaps the others could also be downloadable?

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I'm a pescetarian. 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
LaGuardia - NYC

3. Are there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
San Francisco, New Haven, Cleveland. I'm pretty sure there are more. Would there be an opportunity to let someone know when we know we have to travel somewhere?

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
I have a wife. Her name is Naomi. She's really dope. Thank you for this consideration.