---
Joyce Gendler
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. Launch was AMAZING!
2. Monday and Tuesday kickbacks were a hit! Had 40 kids show up the first day and over 50 the second day! Lot's interest in TFP and just being involved in school!
3. Getting my own classroom and putting it to use! Perfect space for what I'm doing!
4. Meeting lots of new freshman who are ready for projects.
5. Teacher involvement this week!
6. The zines were a hit! Especially the map.
7. Teaching my intern to use logbook... :)

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. Had to spend lots of budget money I wasn't expecting to on color copies when our copier broke down. A LOT.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
n/a

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Just checking, are our HQ and leadership teams also checking in on this: A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

If not, please do! Holding everyone accountable to this will definitely make us 10% better next week!

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

1. I am getting enough sleep!
2. I could be eating more regularly.
3. I am spending time with loved ones.
4. I could be spending less money - but that will happen once I have a better handle on my food situation.
5. Kindaaaa.....still figuring out what those are?
6. Feeling very intellectually and creatively stimulated!

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

Mondays during National Learning Days - you will have all of us there, guaranteed! I am not available during that time on Fridays so I always watch it after.

What is your principal's name?

Nigel Pugh

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool