---
Sarah Zapiler
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

Working on my report/proposal for my Principal was challenging but it was an awesome way to review all that had happened last year reframed in our new model's lens. In many ways I could see how our approach now is what I was already doing! It was also fun to put my marketing proposal skills to work for TFP! 

Meeting with my Principal went well. Not a 100 percent yes but open to the possibility I believe. I'm hopeful! 

The 30 day challenge email gives me life. I think taking the approach organization wide would be beautiful. It's an opportunity for us to be cheerleaders for one another's dreams. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

Dealing with my neck pain consumed a lot of my week which was blech :( But it's really highlighted for me the need for me to take care of my body this year! 

NLD felt a little repetitive in the lab section again. Most the information we reviewed could have just been read beforehand. Maybe it can just be a dashboard item to read things in advance so we can spend more time moving forward? 

It was so exciting to hear Anjali talk about what she's thinking about in her new role! As she thinks about the future of the model it would be really great for that to be a public, shared, co-created discussion. She has powerful insights and I want the whole team to see that as she gets to learn from many people in the field. 

Didn't get a chance to connect with Andrew! Really want to support forward movement on the asset teams we created out of the DC Summit, but not sure what the next step is that I can take. 

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

Katie Sadow
Friend 
She was talking to Andy about design

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?

Shorter town halls would be great! Maybe we will evolve to that but it's a long time to rewatch which I've had to do both times. Efficiency will help people see the value in participating - which is critical for the platform's success! 

What can we expect w regards to the integrity survey?

How's it going in SF?!