---
Kleaver Cruz
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1. Visiting LIHS and being warmly welcomed by the staff and many students; seeing JP transition with excitement and his own personal touch. 

2. Watching a group of students and Sarah Katz make an impromptu decision to spice up a bored line of 9th graders and new students to Hudson waiting to get their ID photos taken by bringing the photo station they had set up in the lobby of the school to the students themselves; they walked down the line with funky hats and a camera to take their portraits. 

3. Running around the city to see 6 schools and 6 DDs in action in their schools on the 1st day of school! 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1. It has been difficult to figure out how to make 27 hours of observation per week work logistically in addition to at least 9 hrs of 1:1, the time it takes to travel to schools and the other responsibilities of a CDD happen smoothly. 

2. Not having a confirmed partnership with Henry Street School is frustrating because I know Zaps wants to be in a school making impact and this is creating a pause in her ability to do that. 

3. Though I have a great AP and an NDD to provide informative notes about the Chief Salon, I was sorry to have missed it this week. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
n/a

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

Thank you for asking these questions, they are important! I still haven't developed the habit of eating breakfast regularly. I've been able to spend some quality time with my family, but am aiming to getting back to that being a more regular occurrence. Bills are getting paid! I've been trying some light meditation, but plan to try a few other practices as well.

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

I would recommend an hour earlier on Fridays. 

What is your principal's name?
n/a
***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool