---
Eleanor Klufio
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1) Every time I pause and relfected on the fact that a large part of my job is just creating/holding space for people to feel good.
2) Having a sense of belonging in my school.  It felt wonderful, as a second year Dream Director, to be able to enter the school year as someone who belongs here, someone who is known and appreciated and someone who was missed.  My recpetion this year by faculty, staff and students really let me know who I was to this community last year - and they felt AWESOME.
3) Deocrating for the first day and enrolling three 9th graders who came in early to help with the set up.
4) Having students (who were not on the Dream Team before) come up to me asking when/how they can join this year.
5) Entering a 9th grade classroom (the day after I introduced myself during the school wide town halls) and havng the teacher ask the class "Do you know who this is?" and then hearing a resounding response of "The Dream Lady."  It made me smile.
6) Being able to be just BE and still having a bright and noticiable presence.  I 
7) Observing two classes and seeing how amazing some of the teachers are here at Lab.
8) Having an impromptu 40 planning meeting with a teacher on the first day.
9) Being a resource for some of the new staff.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) Lab has gotten rid of ALL of its study halls, so the students have much less free time during the day to come see me, and so i need to figure out a coaching strategy.
2) I am still brainstorming my approach to the year around the Dream Team/Future Fellows and I am consiously choosing not to roll it out too fast....however, the students are already like "when do we start, when do we start, when do we start..."  So I am working to figure out the best way to honor my process and their process.
3) Something about the new approach to logbook feels like I have to log way to many things and now i feel like I am overthinking every conversation I have with a student trying to classify the engagement in my head

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Get the NYC commuter benefits back.

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? YES. Are you eating regularly? Not necessarily. Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? YES.  Are you managing your finances well? YES. Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? YES. Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated? YES. 


Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
On Mondays during NLD.

What is your principal's name?
Brooke Jackson

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool