---
Sarah Zapiler
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

Being back with the NYC team! I feel like we move really well together and it's nice to be in a smaller crowd where tangible progress feels more easily won. 

Being back in control of my schedule. I've gotten very used to managing my own time so having 4 weeks of externally structured time - SO, DC, DD201 - I'm very glad to be back in my own rhythm. 

Coaching a colleague from another CBO at Henry Street to go confidently in the direction of his dreams. Coaching is awesome. 


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

We still haven't gotten a communication about how we are talking about what's happening in Detroit! 

My new Principal is uncertain about his partnership w TFP. I'm eager to show him why we are a good fit, but it seems we need a more solid strategy/policy regarding new admin since it is a common occurrence in this field. 

Our first NLD lab felt a bit repetitive of DD201 in some parts, and I'm excited to get to new content. 

I am having neck spasms and had to go to urgent care this morning. Literal pain point. More importantly I need to find a way to not have pain hinder my ability to accomplish what I am committed to. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

I just have to say the ask@enterprise email had already pushed us to be at least 10% better! 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 

Yes

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?

Very interesting and important for showing what an inspiring school might look like! Very well done and will definitely play an important role in raising consciousness. Curious about a few things as it relates to my personal values: the focus on preparedness for 21st century jobs vs a focus on citizenship, the charter vs public question, white men being views as authorities throughout history for the needs of all. Curious about a few things as it relates to TFP: when problems feel "too big" how do/don't documentaries move people from awareness to action (i.e. Inconvenient Truth, Food Inc, The House I Live In), how showing one school's model helps us tell our story in terms of aims but hinders us in telling the story of our methods, how we are participating in a larger policy centric discussion if at all. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?

When will the tool Anjali is working on to share DD materials be live for all?