---
Chris Moncrief
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
I LOVE THIS JOB!!!!!!!
Opening day getting appreciated by the staff for the decorations 
Getting to meet almost all of the students on the first day because I was helping to correct schedules. 
The Townhalls all went really well! and the students like the wristbands 
I am already having students drop in to see me and begin talking about things they are interested in doing
FRESH FRIDAY WAS LIT!!!!!!!!!!!! and during it my principal asked me to do something similar very week. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
I need to do all of my shopping sooner.  I kept getting caught with small purchases here and there. 
I miss my team, i needed Zaps' wisdom today.  I got it but I just would have liked to have it sooner.  
If I am going to commit to this early morning life I need to sleep earlier. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
Nope! Be Great everyone 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
More opportunities for collaboration across dream directors and schools.  I was very happy to Akua and George here.  They taught some actual tools that I will/ have already used for the work and having Zaps and Chopp her on Friday really free my energy to be great with the students while they were monitoring the pictures. 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
No. 
No.
Yes.
Kinda... (Its a journey)
Yes.
YES!

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
It works well for me.  I am usually home by then. 

What is your principal's name?
James O'Brien (Why?) 

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool