---
Kleaver Cruz
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1. Having 1:1 calls with each team member to learn how best to support them in prep for the year as well as the personal projects they are currently taking on. 

2. Bringing in Dave Noodlez to present him as a partner in design this year for the team as well to present a bracelet he custom designed for the team (seeing the teams reaction was priceless). 

3. Getting a yes to work with someone who is very interested in giving our young artist a platform as well as provide an opportunity for TFP fundraising. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

1. During the studio portion of NLD, there was confusion about what the DD 101 DDs were supposed to be doing. Joyce received an instruction to give them tasks to complete and I was unaware that those tasks were expected to be completed in the studio time beyond the first hour. 

2. There was an acknowledgement from a team member that though we as a NYC team are great at celebrating each other, there can sometimes be a tone present of critique or criticalness that perhaps can be shared differently. 

3. There have been a few communications sent to various members of the NYC team without including me or following communication protocol which makes it harder to manage what is being requested of my team so that I can support them accordingly. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
In line with the thread that came out of DD 201, perhaps create a really simple page where TFP employees can post about a (30-day) they are taking on and steps they've taken towards completing it. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 

Yes. 

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
I think MLTS makes a compelling case for the Dream Director in the sense of demonstrating the power that a school can have when everyone in it is charged to move  and grow from a place of passion and exploration. It creates a strong case for the importance of allowing the adults in school to pursuit their passions as much as the students so that there is a constant cycle of development and furthering of what folks love to do. 

In addition to that, I found it very problematic that the film was not reflective of the student body at the school or the students we work with. All of the experts were white which created a dynamic around expertise in this field and who is influencing the way this work impacts young people in a way that is absent of other voices, namely from folks of color. Considering that HTH is one of the most diverse schools in San Diego, that was not seen in the film. I did not expect the film to be exhaustive in its explanation of the education system and its trajectory, however I did expect there to be a more thorough explanation of the way things are now. It's not as simple as the curriculum hasn't changed much since 1892. That in that history telling, there was a moment that said school was once something to the effect of "smart people sitting around other smart people" and only showed white europeans is also problematic as we know that "smart people" have been present around the world and that intentional institutions of learning have existed in places like Mali, Mexico and China for centuries if not millennia. 

Again, through the lens of demonstrating a compelling case for passion-based learning and what it can result in, MLTS does a great job of showing us what that looks like. What made the film difficult to process was how largely absent it was of anyone that was not white or male which ultimately limits the demonstration of how this type of work can impact all of us. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
When will we have the language to discuss Detroit? Will we receive an update about TFP in Detroit?