---
Hakim Pitts
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
A highlight for me was having the opportunity to meet and greet many of the new freshman and their families. High school is such a huge transitional moment, so being able to welcome students and do ice breakers with them was pretty cool. 

I also had the opportunity to do a course/workshop with the staff and introduce them to the work that I'll be doing with the students as a Dream Director. I had the opportunity to hear their own personal dreams, which sparked wonderful conversations and built relationship. 

Sophomore students came to Freshman orientation and were looking for me because they wanted to help during the opening day of school. Seeing them step up and wanting to be leaders. I made me excited for the future and  gave me lots of hope.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
The week before school, I really became clear on how the Philadelphia School District doesn't set their students, faculty or staff up for success. The school is tremendously understaffed from teachers, to administration, to custodial, and other support staff. With this being a reality, everyone is forced to take on other jobs which inhibits them from being excellent at the one thing they were hired to do. When it comes to the students, them not having resources, not having good breakfast or lunch, and a non inspiring environment, they internalize it as no one caring for them. 

Another pain point was not getting response emails from my principal. I sent him several emails through the week to confirm things and work through details of opening day, but I didn't get any response. I know he's quite busy but I didn't feel good when I didn't get a response. 

When meeting with my principal, I requested an opportunity to walk through opening day details and schedule with the staff so they could be clear on what they day would look like and provide support. He said he was already communicating with them through the week, but I wanted to engage them in person.This was extremely important to me because I am a new member of the school and I didn't want them teachers to feel like I was throwing something together without their buy in. That didn't happen and teachers told me they had no idea what was going on for the first day of school.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you? 

I do feel like I'm on track. When it comes to possibility audit, I still need time to observe, sit in classrooms, and ask some key questions. Since I came to the school, I've been throwing in mix, which is great, but doesn't give me a lot of time to observe, think, and reflect. For the next weeks, I need to be sure to express and set my boundaries, and keep them. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?

2. What is your preferred departure airport? Philadelphia

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.