---
Hakim Pitts
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Tuesday was such a huge day for me. From the time, I got in the uber car, I knew it was going to be a great day! Last week, I didn't get a chance to run through all the details of the first day of school with the staff so I had some serious concerns. However, everything went off without a hitch. Brit, Chopp, and Kenya were there to support me along with two of my close friends and my mom. Opening day turned out to be a bonafide early morning dance party. More than anything else, I was so happy to see the students enjoying themselves and dancing in the hallways on the first day of school. It sent a clear message to them that said school can be a place where fun and enjoyment takes place, and it's celebrated. 

After all of our opening day activities, our city team along with the Newark and DC teams went to lunch to celebrate the day and share our highlights, low moments, and biggest takeaways. As everyone started to go around and it got closer to me, I started to get emotional. It finally was my turn and as I began to share my high moments, I began to cry. At that very moment, I became clear on how personal and important this work is to me. Having the opportunity to work with students in Philadelphia, in my section of the city, who've gone through many of the same challenges as I did as a teen is a honor. I know how important this work is and I'm clear that I'm a source of a light, a life line, and another beacon of hope for my students. 

Yesterday, I had the opportunity to sit and talk at length with two students about their personal lives, their desires for themselves, and the roles they want to play in the school. They're both new but I can tell they're both going to emerge as leaders within the school. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

Figuring out the best and most consistent methods of communication with the principal and staff is going to be crucial. We're only going into the second week, but I want to establish this as soon as possible so we don't have bigger issues in the future. 

Although opening day was a success, as I look back, I could've delegated responsibilities and tasks to other people who were willing to take them on. During the beginning of the day, I found myself running around and many people were looking for me. Great leadership is being clear about when you need help and allowing people to rise to the occasion. 

This past week, I wasn't give a schedule for how they week would go so I felt completely out of the loop and didn't know when classes changed or anything. Next week, I want to make sure I have that!

LUNCH, WATER, & SNACKS! It was extremely hot and humid in the school building and I did prepare for that at all. Not even halfway through the day, I found myself extremely drained, dehydrated, hungry, and tired. I fought through it and bough some food, but being better prepared next week will make sure that I'm more present and engaged. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
I'm sleeping pretty well
My eating habits aren't the best; I have to get back to cooking and bringing lunch. 
Financially, I'm having some troubles. I need to develop a system for budgeting and accountability as well. 
I am engaged in emotional and spiritual practices but not a lot of physical ones. 
Thankfully, I'm usually always intellectually and creatively stimulated. 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

What is your principal's name?

Neil Geyette

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool