---
Shenille Melton
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Launching at my school. Talking to students about their dreams and watching them post them on the dream boards.
Newark and DC coming to support us for our launch.
Hanging out in the lunch room talking to students.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Not having an adequate number of buttons to pass out to the students.
The school was super hot and the roaches are super huge!
Not understanding the budget - communication around the budget, the budget spreadsheet and AMEX card usage were unclear.
Last minute communications for scheduling phone or in person meetings.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Create one piece of communication that points us to all of the wonderful resources located in the go.dream.org pages or wherever else they live on the web. I don't remember getting the employee handbook. If that has not been made available, then making that available would be helpful. 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
Sleep - Yes
Eating - Yes
Quality Time - Yes
Emotional, Spiritual, Physical Practices Yes to emotional and spiritual. I need to start my work out plan again.
Intellectually/Creatively Stimulated - Yes to intellectually stimulated. Creatively - not really. My principal is strict. Now that school is launched I can re-engage in my creative passions.

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
Watching them after the broadcast works for me. Another alternative would be during NLD.

What is your principal's name?
Otis Hackney

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool