---
Shenille Melton
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Tahid helped me clean the class room I'll be moving into. We threw out old food and trash, and neatly stored all of the stuff on 3 long tables.
The mini conference hosted by SEPC was great. The keynote speaker shared valuable information about the state of Philadelphia schools and how we can help influence legislation. 
Designing nice flyers with the help of the TFP templates for the launch.
Introducing myself to the staff during PD and using the words 'lit' and 'turned up' to describe the types of events we will be offering, pending Principal Hackney's approval. They laughed and I spoke with several staff members who stated their interest in having their students work with me.
Shantrelle was able to get a move in date for my class room during her meeting with the Principal. They also agreed to clean in after moving the stuff out of it.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Dealing with the Mr. LaRocco about the space I will be moving into and communicating the issues and resolutions with Shantrelle.
Cleaning the class that I'll be moving into took about 4 hours because the previous partner abandoned her things. They had been in the class untouched for a year and she was a hoarder.
The stuff has not been moved out of the class room because the principal asked that we not throw it away.
I won't be able to move into my class until next week.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Yes

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
No

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
I don't have any recommendations.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
No dairy and no beef.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
PHL

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
Akron and Cleveland, Ohio
Baltimore, MD

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No.