---
Hakim Pitts
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Going to Washington DC to support Kenya at Eastern high school was probably one of the brightest moment since I've been hired and on boarded at The Future Project. During DD 101 and the DC Summit, we received a lot of training and downloaded lots of information; much of it was very very very helpful for understanding the big picture and fully conceptualizing the work that we do. However, on a day to day, practical,  pragmatic level, I still felt quite uninformed unsure regarding how I would enter my school and navigate the space as a new Dream Director,  specifically on the first day and week.  Partnering and working alongside Kenya help to ease all of those anxieties and securities that I had. I had the opportunity to be with young people and DO THE WORK! Voncia was there for support and helped to guide us through territory that was new and unfamiliar to us. She also  kept us ground and encouraged us as new dream directors. 

Another highlight was being able to come together for lunch to discuss our highlights, low moments, and biggest take aways. It was great to be able to hear from other DD's on the dynamics, culture, and challenges, and strengths that are at each individual school. I definitely took lots of notes. 

On Tuesday, I got to meet Paula, the founding school counselor at my school who's been wearing several hats since he opening of the school last year. She was warm, inviting, but very direct and real. She gave me practical and honest advice, which was needed because I had already got a grasp of the schools vision and mission. I know she's going to be a great ally this year. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

Creating an implementing a consistent schedule and rhythm is going to be crucial for me. I'm spontaneous and random at times, but a schedule will help me to produce the things I need to get done. I've been coming tot this school at different times so nothing has been set in stone yet. 

I was really burned out and tired on Thursday from running around. I need to prioritize my self care daily so I won't have melt downs toward the end of the week. 

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?
I'm still finalizing things with the deejay! Her name is Marlene Bell, and we met while I was working at Lush Cosmetics a while back. She's taking the industry by storm and it would be wonderful to have her energy there on opening day! 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?