---
Shenille Melton
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1. Meeting with my Principal and Counselor to discuss goals, expectations, strategies and more.
2. Working with Shesheena, our Director of Operations. She's been keeping us on track, providing us with all of the support we need, and answering ALL of my questions in Shantrelle's absence.
3. Seeing the classroom I'll be working in and taking a quick tour of the school.
4. Meeting all of the community partners that will be providing services to students at South Philly High. It was an organized event and refreshing to see how involved and invested outside organizations are in South Philly High. It was also great to see how invested the Principal is in the success of his students in terms of their academic success and social well being.
5. Talking to Sarah Katz to get tips on how to prepare for my meeting with the principal and counselor. She gave me some great advice and things to consider as I approach the school year and begin to build relationships with these key people. Without having that conversation I would have felt a lot less confident about leading that meeting. THEN she sent me a text on the day of the meeting to see how it went, which was the icing on the cake.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
There were no pain spots or areas to improve this week.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Continue to send timely communications about what's going on! I think this week went well. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Yes

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
I thought it did a solid job of showing the importance of incorporating 21st century skills as the focal point of daily curriculum. It's one piece of a huge system that needs to be totally deconstructed and built again from ground zero. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
No.