---
Tahid Bradford
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
This weeks bright spots are centered around my Schools, Paul Robeson, Back to School Event. With the Help of our DC and Newark Family, day one of the 2015-2016 School Year was a huge success!! It featured a Red Carpet, music by the Maestro, brother Zaki out of Newark by way of BK, balloons, Waterice and a whole bunch of FUN!! TFP's introduction to Paul Robeson is one that will be remembered, and we have the pictures to prove it!! 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
There were communication breakdowns regarding the budget proposal, how they are submitted and what authority DDs actually have in regards to spending. There has been some clarity around the concern, but there are still a few questions that I have. I am looking forward to the next National Learning Day to get details and specifics regarding budget proposals so the issues and concerns can be resolved completely.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
No

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
I am pleased with the Organization and its efforts to improve. Last week I stated that getting better involved sending the technological support as promised, and guess what happened?? As promised TFP honored the commitment to provide DD's with the iPad that was offered! Thank you for listening, whoever's listening!!

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated? Yes to sleep! Yes to Eating! Yes to time with family! Uhh... Financially I'm making improvements, currently creating a sustainable budget. Spiritually, Emotionally and Physically I am in a great space, and am continuing to grow and mature in all three areas. Yes to feeling Intellectually stimulated!!

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
It would be nice if Townhall was incorporated into the NLD.

What is your principal's name? Principal RICHARD M. GORDON IV

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool