---
Tahid Bradford
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
This week was an semi-eventful week, as The Philadelphia Crew of Dream Directors traveled to Washington D.C. for their School Districts opening day. It was a great experience for myself and the other Rookie Dream Directors,  interacting with the students and assisting with day one activities were the examples needed to gain the necessary confidence to go into our New Schools.  The D.C team extended their hospitality with a wonderful Lunch and debriefing,and spending time with the D.C team is always a good time.  
Another bright spot was my follow up visit the school I'll be Dream Directing at. Meeting with the schools Principal and planning out the day one activities was exciting, his ideas and wants for his students are aligned with the TFP mission making it easy to be creative, and artistic, in our approach with establishing a culture where the students can explore the passions and potentials that we hope to tap in to. 
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Not many Pain Points, the only one worth reporting was the early travel time of the Philly team going to Washington D.C. Having to leave at 4:00 AM was extremely painful although the results were so beneficial I wonder if I should even complain. No other Issues or concerns, or pain points at this time. 
Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?
No.
How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
TFP will continue to grow and get better by maintaining the open lines of communication between HQ and the staff working in the field. Staying consistent with the transparency approach is also sign that the organization is committed to making this year, and years to come successful.