---
Hakim Pitts
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
This week, I had the opportunity to hangout at the U School a couple times. Yesterday, I spent time with Lisette Rivera, who's the schools administrator, support for the principal, and Dream Director in her own right. We walked the halls and talked for almost two hours about her love for the school, the students, and her commitment to impowering people in all areas of her life! It was deeply encouraging to have someone at the school who whole heartedly believes in the work and doesn't put limitations on the students. She's brilliant. 

This week I also had the opportunity to walk through the quiet hallways and see all the books, crannies, and devices of the school. The building is quite old and needs lots of work like most of the school buildings in Philadelphia. However, I was motivated and saw the blight as an opportunity to DO something; an opportunity to bring light where there's darkness and hope where's things seem to be dank and lacking excitement! 

Another highlight from today was having the esteemed privilege of meeting Miriam, the Americorp Vista, who will be focusing on creating strategic partnerships within the community leaders and the school. She will be graduating from nearby college, Temple with a degree in Public Health this December and has a huge passion for wellness and nutrition! My last position was as a Health Resource Coordinator in Public Health and we have many similar interns and will be working together to create amazing curricula and courses for the students. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

I'm a great communicator and I can spark up a conversation with almost anyone. However, the challenge for me is finding effective and efficient ways to record and document all the wonderful information I'm getting in the conversations I partake in. I often get so excited that o forget to jot down notes and can forget key things. It's an area that I need to work on. 

After speaking to my principal, I was made very aware of how passion but overwhelmed he is. He has a great staff but doesn't have enough staff support to lead the school in the manner he desires and believes it deserves. He's a hard worker but is juggling so many responsibilities at one time. He doesn't have an assistant principal or dean, and is often put in difficult and compromising positions between students and staff. 

On Monday, we didn't have clear instructions or communication regaridng the time of the Natiional Learning Day.  Shesheena was excellent with facilitating but she's new and still on a learning curve with the rest of us. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

When disseminating important information, it would be helpful if it was more clear and concise. At times, I feel overwhelmed and innudated with lots of emails and messaging they could've been done and/or sent in a more efficient manner. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? No. 

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it? 
Because of time, we didn't get to watch the entire film. I'm planning to watch the rest this weekend. However, I found the framing and explanation for our failing education system in America to be myopic and lacking an analysis of how structural and systemic oppression, marginalization and inequity has largely contributed to our failing schools. I also found it disturbing because the film lacked diversity on many fronts. To be honest and frank, I thought it was irresponsible and insensitive to show such a documentary in light of the knowing that many of our students are black and brown who come from under/differently served communities. I will watch the remainder of the film and provide a full critique and submit it in the week to come. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)? Not at the moment.