---
Shantrelle Lewis
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1) NLD went fairly well. There were a few activities that weren't as clear (the Ethnographic Research convo and the Proof Points convo). Other than that, I think it went fairly well. 

2) It was great to see Tahid take a leadership role in the meeting we had with his principal. Evidently, in this short period of time, he has demonstrated that he is a visionary and someone that the principal can look to for support. I'm super proud of him and excited to see what he does on his first day of school.

3) Hakim has jumped right into my shoes at the U School and making himself as much as a staple in the school as I was. I spent some time with him there this week and was happy to see that he's a great replacement and that he is already getting a head start on making things happen at the school and taking leadership. He actually sent me an amazing text - thanking me for sending him the call and allowing him to demonstrate leadership and show up in a big way. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1) It's not necessarily a Pain Point but it's something to consider/address for NLD (which I believe Joseph has already addressed this overall, which is demonstrated by his commitment to form committees/get feedback early on about NLD activities and discussions). 

I didn't think the discussion questions or material for Ethnographic research were adequate. In my graduate work, I've been trained in Ethnographic methods and empty it in my general work and thus pretty familiar with the topic and materials available. The information we had didn't seem succinct and didn't necessarily directly create a framework for employing Ethnographic methods into the work that DDs will do. So, I actually used a former project (a film that I did about the Magnolia Projects) to illustrate the power of Ethnographic Methods. I also referenced Zora Neale Hurston who was an incredible ethnographer (and someone who many of our DDs are probably familiar with). For future trainings/discussions about Ethnographic Methods and Research, I would like to offer support.

Link to my trailer: https://vimeo.com/13425897
After we watched this clip, I engaged my DDs in a convo around the Magnolia Projects and their general assumptions or knowledge of the Magnolia. I asked them where did information come from? I also asked did what they see in this clip correlate to what they knew or had heard about the Magnolia? I then asked them what kinds of questions do they believe I asked that would result in the types of responses they heard in the video. We then went into a longer discussion about who to frame questions, how to stay engaged during the interview while making sure you get the information you are looking for, as well as allowing the subject to share information and steer the conversation.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

Yes. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

1) We should host DD 201 in Philadelphia.
2) This is not something that's necessarily an issue at this very moment, but we should try our best to create calendar dates and stick to them. I believe that back to back trainings (in October) are a big stressful for people who are traveling out of town. I also think that in job descriptions at the beginning of the year, something should be stated about the amount of travel over all that people are expected to do. There is a statement regarding the three summits/trainings but I don't think that it's inclusive of these additional trainings and the fact that most people will be traveling short or long distances, and at the very least, away from home. I just think that it's important to be both clear and considerate about this expectation overall. 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?

I can't anything red (not including red meat), but anything that is the color red.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

PHL

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

New York and/or DC

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.

Yes. But even if people don't have a spouse or children I think we should be mindful of other family commitments. I think it would be discriminatory against single people to not consider their family/friend/social commitments as well.