---
Tahid Bradford
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Moment One: A great day spent with the #APHILLYATED team, reviewing and finalizing Day One plans. It was Great reconnecting with our Chief DD, and hearing the details about her journey into a year of Spiritual Enlightenment, the #APHILLYATED teams energy was as usual, WAYYY UP! 
Moment Two: The Finalization of plans and meeting with Principal Gordon, and my Chief DD Shantrelle Lewis. We discussed additional plans that would increase student participation, reviewed original itinerary, shared visions for Dream Team participants, and met with School Partners who will also be present during Paul Robeson's Day One Celebration. 
Moment Three: Shopping!! Spending Time designing on the go, and finding GREAT decorative items that are my schools exact colors! Having all the Day One arrangements fitting into the budget as planned has also helped make this week a success! I'm anxiously awaiting the start of the school year!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
The only pain point is the anxiety of preparing to actually be a DD!! The time has come, I am anxious to get going.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Yes

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
No

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Issuing  iPads to DD's without them.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
No Pork
2. What is your preferred departure airport?
PHL International 
3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with? Philadelphia 

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
Three Children, ages 7, 6 and 3.