---
Toni Jones
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
- Pat Murray on boarding as the CDD, having her at the meeting and learning how she would be a tremendous asset to the team was just epic. 
- Having Sallome and Zac at the meeting brought so much clarity and understand for me as it relates to how we will structure this school year. 
- Learning more thoroughly what the model will be for Dream Directors. 
- Going over what needs to be communicated to our stakeholders 
- The level cohesiveness when it came to agreeing to who will be in what school. 
- How supportive TFP was with me going to the Yellow Conference from headquarters to Dream Directors...it just confirms further why I am involved in TFP.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) Get updated on the National Learning Day meeting due to my absence
2) Turn in my weekly report on time
3) Register my AMEX card 
4) Connect my bank account to expensify 
5) Check and reply to my emails
6) Contact my students via group chat and 4 students directly 
7) Draft some ideas about launch week for DSA and Renaissance 
8) Get my materials from Troy school DSA and connect with him to get debriefed about his school 
9) Organize any TFP materials and loose papers etc. as much as possible. 
10) I might go to Renaissance to my office
11) Book my personal fitness trainer 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you? Yes 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? No 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
I would make the suggestion of creating job descriptions for EVERY ROLE in the organization and specify their responsibilities and tasks. I think it is very important for things to be as clear as possible because I have noticed that there is still so many people in so many roles. 

Hire Pat Murray as CDD will will increase our epicness in this organization. (this is old) I forgot reports are inputted in logbook.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team? I don't eat fried foods regularly due to digestive system. 

2. What is your preferred departure airport? DTW 

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.