---
Dominique Mathews
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

DPS started school!

I met the principal, students and faculty at WSA and they were all very welcoming, supportive and full of good energy and good vibes. I appreciate the positive atmosphere.

The team made progress in designing our collabo launch! The students are going to love it!

Pat is demonstrating great leadership!

I set up my online bank account and linked my AMEX card to expensify. Admin task, check!


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

It was challenging receiving AMEX cards and budget funds on the first day of school. The team was not able to purchase materials beforehand to pull off a first day of school launch. Also, we did not recieve communications about status updates on this. We had to reach out to Kanya the day of to get results.

I was disappointed I could not launch in WSA or DIA on the first day of school like my fellow DDs across the nation.

I have not secured my position as Dream Director in DIA and was frustrated around communications on that piece.

I need to improve on being patient with the process of everything and allowing conditions without getting caught up and attached to them, keeping my intended vibrational frequency steady and in control through it all.

It is challenging to be presented by the WSA community with expectations to fulfill on projects and intiatives championed, valued and in progress by the former DD. Also, students are facing some emotional issues with the impact of the previous DD not returning. I am working on a plan to offer closure and support to transition to new beginnings. 

I am feeling a little pressured to do things in the popular TFP grand way and hoping impact will be recognized and equally valued if the action is not TFP conventionally grand. I do it big in my own way and it will definitely benefit the students. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 

I am not clear on what I should be logging!!! Im having short meet and greets with students, admin and faculty informally throughout the day. Im meeting so many new people and it is difficult to keep track of names and minutes we interact. Should I be carrying around a notebook documenting names and times because I am having engagements and I want logbook to reflect that?

Will the Dream Team application process be standardized with TFP specific materials? 

What are some healthy food options that appeal to students as much as candy???

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

It would be really helpful to do a review of actual promises made at the end of each conversation to ascertain that everyone involved has a clear mutual understanding of the promises and folks will be held accountable for. Also, it is helpful to provide 'by whens', timeframes to deliver on promises and status updates for those items that do not have a specific due date. 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
 Yes, No, it's hard to eat on the go without a vehicle, Yes, No, No but I am committed to doing so, sort of...

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

It would be better to attend Townhalls earlier on Fridays or on Wednesdays. 

What is your principal's name? 

Andrea Ayler!!!

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool