---
Christopher Horne
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
The three Bright Spots that stood out were our team engagements for the past, present and future. We discussed issues that were persistent in the past and created solutions with Zachery Hill on how to communicate with the community. The present highlight was finding out I'll be the Dream Director for EEVPA too. The highlight for the future was having lead as a collective on what we we are going to do regarding City and National Events.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
The three Pain Points were: One, we never discussed what happened in Detroit still and didn't create a proactive plan on how to respond to the movement created by Sherina, William, Emily and Jimmy specifically as a collective. Second, knowing that we have to carry the burden for the Dream Directors that left because they abandoned our students. Lastly, focusing on the structure of having successful launches for Dream Director before they enter their schools!

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

Yes, I have a couple of friends that are still waiting on the opportunity to work with The Future Project. Anthony Brock and Brittany Sharpe needed to be hired YESTERDAY! They are essential! They are friends and colleagues that have done great work in Detroit while working with the youth. Anthony Brock would be great for DSA. He is currently there and has already put in an application. Brittany Sharpe would be essential for DIA. She is all about Women Achievement and has already put in an application and has been through the process! 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
The Future Project needs to answer every promise we have committed to. Whether it be fulfilled, postponed or canceled. We need to communicate on what we are going to do!

Peace and Love