---
Dominique Mathews
Personal Possibility Audit
---

I have this document with the Detroit CDD  and I would like to keep the info confidential and private. Thank you. 

As a Future Project staff member, it is crucial that we live the principles we teach and foster in others.  As we serve others in living the life of a Dreamer, it is our responsibility to ensure that we are demonstrating the behaviors and mindset we wish to see.  

Many people have not thought deeply about what success means for them.  Often, we use other people’s definitions for ourselves – whether it matches what we value or not.  How do you define success and is that different for various aspects for your life?  If so, explain how the definition changes. 
     

It is integral that we take care of ourselves physically, emotionally, financially, mentally and spiritually. What are you doing to care for yourself in the areas of body, heart, material well-being, mind and spirit, and creating the life of your dreams?
     


Our team assists many people in actualizing their dreams due, in large part, to their knowledge of many people, places, resources/tools and ideas. What do you read and/or watch daily or weekly to educate you or peak your ongoing curiosity?  What workshops, seminars, conferences and summits are you excited about attending to help you grow as a Dreamer?  
       
Without systems and practices around your planning and execution, it is easy for things to fall through the cracks.  What is your ritual or routine around To Do Lists, email, voicemail, and tracking finances?
    


We often find ourselves struggling with the same challenges over years and years.  What is ongoingly out of integrity in your life?



No one can do the work of transforming an entire nation of Dreamers alone.   Who is on your team, available to you when you need their support – within and/or outside of the TFP community? 



Since we are about the business of making dreams come true and helping others develop the skills to do so over and over, it is important that we are always actively engaged in creating the life we’ve dreamed of. Considering your answers to questions 1-6 above and any and all goals you’ve set for yourself outside of this document, which big dream, goal, or aspiration do you intend to actualize by the end of Summer 2016? 


No one comes to the role of Chief Dream Director with mastery in all aspects of the job. There are many things needed to do the job well - 1:1 coaching, observation, facilitation, serving as a change leader within a city, and managing various administrative accountabilities. Given that we are committed to growth, in what aspects of this role would you most like to explore, practice, or get better at doing?