---
Dominique Mathews
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

Andrew is doing a great job mainatining his commitment to ongoing communication and accessibility. 
I am excited that Pat Murray is being considered for Detroit leadership and will be possibility of joining team.
I appreciate folks from different departments being so helpful, contacting me, checking in and reaching out to make sure my concerns are addressed. 
I am happy to hear the expressed intentions of TFP teamios to make sure the work in Detroit is successful. 
It was important that needed action was taken to cancel and reorganize the Detroit schools strategy meeting due to lack of relevant people involved and invited to the table.
I have successfully relocated to a home/space that supports my highest good. Raising my life condition in this way lends to self-care, which supports my work. This move is helping me not be ragged (s/o Akua) and show up fully for the students and team!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

I get a general sense that the Detroit team, in terms of Dream Directors, are disconnected. I desire for the DDs in Detroit to heal and create peace so we can move forward in solidarity. 
There has been inconsistency in information spreading amongst DDs in Detroit regarding updates and developments with our situation. One cause that I have identified is rooted in different DDs recieving different information at different times and from different people. 
Although reassessed, it was highly ineffective and out of integrity with our norms/values/culture to plan an important meeting such as a Detroit school strategy meeting without making it inclusive. Andrew restored integrity with me by the correction as well as Andrew's acknowledgement of the potential impact. This is becoming a best practice for me in my professional and personal life. 
It has been difficult to plan for school and student engagement without knowing essentail details that are still pending. I am looking forward to hashing out a solid vision, plan, strategy and model for Detroit so I can really get to work!

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

It would be beneficial to implement more effective methods of dissemenating info to local teams as a whole at the same time to eliminate confusion and mixed messaging. 
TFP can improve its onboarding process by making sure everyone is aware of what the official process entails, including the steps and order to complete, ranked by priority, as well as timelines for each piece. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? No. I will complete tonight. 

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it? N/A

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)? N/A