---
Christopher Horne
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
I am really starting to believe in my team! They are becoming more unified and driven with ideas. We are tired of waiting for a solution. I appreciate the proactive efforts to come up with solutions that can close our issue gaps. The Detroit Model is very strong and structured. I am looking forward to presenting Detroit Model 2.0 to Sallome, Zachery, Andrew and Kanya. I think they would be quite impressed. Lastly, we are starting the school year off strong at Cass Tech and we are not letting up!    

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
The pain points are we still haven't received an update on our conversation with Andrew and Kanya about our update on Detroit. Our first day seemed as if we were thrown in the furnace. There is a difference from being prepared and winging it. Let's just say the Lord favored me with supplying me with free materials from a supporting alumni class! Lastly, I am still waiting on Zach for an update on contracts!

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
Yes, when are we really going to work on helping Detroit? When are we going to solidify the promises we made to help our city be better? Are we really going to take a collective effort in restoring our integrity in Detroit? 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Hopefully, these questions can be answered very soon! Detroit is in desperate need of assistance and it seems as if we are a ship without a sail! Please schedule a meeting with the Detroit Team to effectively bring change to our school district!

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
Yes, I am getting enough sleep!
Yes, I am eating regularly!
Yes/No, I am taking care of my family (father side) because I don't have a guardian to look over their health! 
Yes, I am managing my funds well!
Yes, I am engaged in spiritual practices concerning my walk with Jesus Christ! I also, jog every morning to better my health!
Yes, I am feeling intellectually and creatively stimulated! 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
I believe their should be more input from Dream Directors on what we are doing for the city!

What is your principal's name?
Mrs.Lisa Phillips

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool