---
Dominique Mathews
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

It is great to finally have a Chief Dream Director of the Detroit team! I really appreciate the process in terms of the team coming together to advocate for Pat, working as a collective to agree and recognize Pat's leadership. Pat is really on it! We are making a lot of progress in a timely manner. Meetings are very productive. 


I appreciate the opportunity to have a team meeting with Andrew and Kanya in-person over dinner. We discussed important matters. Kanya and the team reached common ground on the needs of the new model and she granted us more liberty to make the model more effective to best serve the students and the DDs. I really like that she was open to our feedback and input and willing to negotiate with us. I am also grateful to share more of my story with Andrew and give him the opportunity to learn more about me. 

As a team, we really championed having self determination of model based on our expertise as field workers, which is a major win!

I am happy and satisfied I chose my prefered school to be dream direct in- Detroit International Academy for Young Women.

In the spirit of healing and releasing, it was great that we dialogued with Troy about his situation and made peace so we can all move forward in love and light. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

Sometimes we do not give things due diligents to think through. I have observed a lot of times we get caught up in the moment and act impulsively, making decisions we have not spent enough time processing and mediating on, especially considering long-term effects. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

No. An extension is needed so I can go deep in both schools to get an accurate and quality read on the school, which takes time to do a thorough investigation to maxminze efficacy. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

It is essential to inform the entire national team of the pioneering work Detroit is doing due to our specific challenges. challenge Detroit facing, the new model in Detroit. The whole national team needs to be made aware of the new model in Detroit, which entails Dream Directors taking on 2 schools. 

Also, the national team needs to be introduced to the newest memeber of the team, Chief Dream Director of Detroit, Pat Murray!

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

It is a best practice that the team, especially HQ, refrains from putting teams on the spot to make important decisions momentariliy, when it is more appropriate to spend more time on the subject. It causes pressure which is not conducive to yeilding the best results. 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?

I am vegan. No dairy at all. I also need bottled water. I do not drink tap water.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

Detroit Metro Airport DTW

3. Are there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

No

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.

No