---
Christopher Horne
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
This week has been a phenomenal week! We were introduced to our Chief Dream Director Patricia Murry and she is a phenomenon! Secondly, I am excited about building a new model for my city. We are incorporating courses, culture change and coaching in multiple schools with fewer Dream Directors, but we are up for the challenge as a collective. Lastly, my team is really coming together. I am starting to see unity and solidarity. I am looking forward to our impact in Detroit this year!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Detroit is taking on a new model. The model presented at first with just culture change without coaching and courses didn't seem effective. There was a lot of confusion on what was required in such an arbitrary model. As a team we discussed these issues and decided that including coaching and courses would bring a greater impact. We are creating Detroit 2.0! So far it seems great, but we are still getting the kinks out of it. Detroit creates pioneers. It's in our bloodstream! We innovate when opportunity present itself! 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
I believe it can get done. This is a lot of information that'll allow Dream Directors to follow a blueprint of information for their school. It seems like a lot of work, but I know I'll be grateful for what I gain later! Challenge accepted! 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
I am really looking forward to our parent engagement this year. I believe this is going to change the game for The Future Project. Parents have great feedback and they would be great for advertisement and marketing through word of mouth. We should really get started on this and I want to be apart of that team! 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
The Future Project needs to accommodate National Learning Day with more hands on activities for our schools! Mondays can be more productive and would allow us to start the week off on a great start! 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
Yes, I can't eat PORK! Please be aware for your safety! Please and Thank You! 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
Detroit Metropolitan Airport!

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No, I will need to have lodging in all the cities I attend. Thank you in advance!

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No. However, I am the guardian over my father! I do ask that The Future Project stay mindful of my needs! Thank you for your support!