---
Jessica Valoris
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. Facilitating an icebreaker for the first Staff meeting of the school year was a great success, and allowed me to shine in a way I really enjoy. We had teachers do a sing-off and everyone participated and had a great time. It was a great way to do some team-building.
2. I organized the activities fair with all of our community partners and facilitated a get-to-know-you session where the partners could build with each other about our programming this year. Both were a great success, and exposed students to different activities and opportunities. Also, Future Project was well represent with students doing outreach around the lunchroom.
3.Today, a group of students convened in my office to have a really dynamic conversation about music and the influence of hip hop. It was organic, and students were engaging with eachother in a really beautiful way.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. Going to Philly on Tuesday and coming back to DC was a push that definitely left me exhausted.
2. I'm fighting a cold this week, so have been taking it easy, but feel a little behind schedule with things.
3. The ELL focus group was a difficult one to sit with, because some of the issues seem so big, and I don't feel equipped to offer help in a way that is sufficient. Issues of language access, ignorance, and discrimination are really big and institutional and seem bigger than me, and even some of the decision makers here.
4. Some of the highlights of last year were some big selling points that students have been using to engage other students (particularly Dream Con and Field Day, both of which I know we don't have the money to make happen in the same way we did last year). I'm trying to figure out how I can adjust expectations but still keep the excitement!

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
Nope

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
I've been super present to my wellness this week as I've been fighting a cold. I have been getting lots of sleep (minus Tuesday's Philly Trip), I am eating well and packing my lunches... I haven't spent much time with my family this week, and have been staying away from people so as not to get them sick, but I've had some great phone convos. My finances are cool. I've been writing each morning, but abstaining from my exercise routine because of this cold. And I just finished this book, Black Youth Rising! And I'm making some major progress on my xigga sharing. Feeling balanced and good.

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
By that time on friday I am all the way checked out. I would suggest morning time (before 11:30) on fridays.

What is your principal's name?
Sah Brown

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool