---
Veracity Savant
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

Some highlights this week include:
- Having our first official national learning day
It was really great having a full meeting with everyone this week in our new We Work space. The space was really nice (except parking, I hate parking in DC) and its a great opportunity to network with a lot of different companies. Voncia is an amazing chief and I felt like we got so much accomplished and its already great to spend a whole day with The Vortex!!

- Having Daja host Fridays On Fleek
So this week we opened up the mic during Fridays On Fleek to have people come up and sing, rap, or just give shout outs. Daja wanted to host and I gave her the opportunity and she was really great. There was so much good energy, high spirits, dancing, fun and everything and it was all because Daja set the tone and foundation for that to happen. It was amazing to see her in that space. 

- Being present for Newark's first day
I am sooooooo happy that I made it to Newark for their first day. I got an opportunity to go to Brit and Zak's school and help out with them and it was just the realization of everything we brainstormed last year in terms of cross city collaboration and supporting "our" youth. It was really great to just help out with Brit prepping for her pep rally and then going over to Zak's school making smoothies, taking pics with the kids and rocking out. So much fun!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

- One pain point was still not having a chance to sit down with Director Lee
Director Lee has been super busy so I'm trying to give her a minute to settle in but I really am starting to realize how important it is to sit down with her sooner than later. She's still building negative relationships with the students and focusing more on disciplinary culture as opposed to empowering and positive culture and its so frustrating. I'm going to make it a point to connect with her next week.

- One area to improve is strategizing behind Dream Team vs. Future Fellow training
So we're going into the 3rd week of school and my kids are itching for Dream Team training to begin. But that's going to be a city wide collaboration so in the meantime I wish I would've planned better on how to keep them occupied until then. In the meantime, I'm focusing on creating some preliminary training.

- Another pain point was having 2 of my Dream Team members get into a fight during Fridays On Fleek
So today two of my Dream Team members were play fighting and it turned serious in 2.5 seconds during Fridays on Fleek which might have them temporarily suspend the event all together. I was so angry because it escalated so quickly but as soon as they started I told them to stop 3 times and they didn't listen. So frustrated. I'm going to make sure I speak with them again next week but it was just so unfortunate and frustrating. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

Yes. We created a timeline for completing the Launch sequence and I feel confident about it.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? Nope. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Continue to restore integrity in Detroit. 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team? No.

2. What is your preferred departure airport? BWI Airport

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with? Nope. I would need lodging everywhere. 

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible. Yes. I have a son, who is 8 going on 9 years old, and needs a lot of attention, love and quality time.