---
Veracity Savant
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

Some highlights this week included:
- Launching the first day
My first day launch was amazing!!! Team #aPHILLYated came down and joined us and I was really grateful to have them there. Shenille came to Cardozo with me and we launched the first day with a red carpet, two photo booths, balloon arches, a DJ, and a sea of staff wearing purple shirts ready to greet them. It was so great and it was a really great kickoff to the beginning of the school year.

- Interacting with all of my returning Dream Team members
I was so happy to see my Dream Team members from last year! Seeing them was so exciting and I was even proud to see some progression from some of the other students (they grow up so quick *tear*). I was even more happy when we had a meeting on Wednesday to break down the new TFP structure and explain the difference between DT members and Future Fellows to the OGs and they were receptive, even after I told them that they all would have to go through the training. Love those kids.

- Having the first Fridays On Fleek
Friday's On FLEEK was amazing. The kids were so excited and it was nice having the new teachers and staff experience it. We played music, movies and had a mini pep rally for the new staff.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

- One pain point was seeing Ms. Lee in action
Ahhhhhh Ms. Lee! I had so much faith in you smh. Ms. Lee is the Director of Culture and Climate who I assumed last week was going to be my own personal fairy godmother. This week I realized she is actually the new evil stepmother of Cardozo. She is yet another staff member who just doesn't get it. What I found this week is that the other people responsible for "culture and climate" are the deans. And when they talk about "culture and climate" and a person to direct that...they're talking about a boss for the deans that will help to put more energy into crowd control, oppressive discipline, patroling and policing in the school. Ms. Lee literally spent the entire week yelling at students, running behind them being irate, bossing the deans around, and then complaining about how ridiculous the kids were and how "out of control" the school was at the end of each day. Which...sidenote...the kids were pretty good this first week, and surprisingly, even Dr. Roane agreed with that. So if she thinks this week was "out of control," she has no idea. Anyway, she exhausts me and what I thought was going to be a path to the rainbow is actually an uphill yellow brick road paved with good intentions that could lead to hell or heaven depending on how receptive she is to this roadmap I'm about to give her...wait on it.

- Another pain point was finding out that one of my DT members, Rahwa, probably won't be returning this year
Rahwa has been on the Dream Team since Shantae J was at the school. She's definitely one of my more mature students and she can be a handful but she was by far, one of the most dedicated. After a grueling year dealing with attendance and disciplinary issues, they decided not to allow her back to Cardozo. This really hurt me. *Sigh* So I'm going to keep in touch with her and hopefully we can continue to build. 

- One area to improve was having the outline for announcements more readily prepared
Mr. Painter is a new Assistant Principal.
Mr. Painter is in charge of collecting and drafting the announcements daily.
The Dream Team is responsible for going into the office, picking up the script and reciting it daily, while adding Dream Team flair of course.
Mr. Painter is not concise with announcements.
Mr. Painter is not familiar with the concept of a script.
Mr. Painter should not be in charge of collecting and writing up the announcements.
The Dream Team must create their own outline for announcements. 

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
Continue to restore integrity in Detroit.