---
Voncia Monchais
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1) This week was the first one that felt like we were settling into our routines as a tea.. We had a great National Learning Day, though it was incredibly long, but we have a great location and get along so well, so it was a successful day. I had my second official 1:1s with my team this week, but since we are in full swing and I have had more opportunities to observe my DDs in action, I was able to give  more feedback. The team was very open to feedback, so we are having a good start!

2) I put a lot of emphasis on doing teacher appreciation activities early in the year to build allies and to informally introduce and build relationships with faculty/ staff. So Kenya hosted a Dessert Social at Eastern this Thursday for faculty and staff, and it was a success! Lots of teachers came out that I got to reconnect with, introduce to Kenya, and that Kenya was able to build relationships with. Great informal intro and teachers were very appreciative of the spoiling.

3) The meeting with past Dream Team members led by Kenya with me supporting to explain the new model to gauge interest was a success. It was a good turnout (almost all the old members returned + new members), and we were able to give clarity, answer questions and make a smooth transition from old DD to new, with clarity on the new role and new vision for the year. Most students seemed receptive.

4) I was hoping to move into a Dedicated desk at We work Wonder bread factory location so that I could have a more comfortable permanent spot, and thankfully one opened up for October 1st!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) The two veteran members of my team (Veracity and Jess) are ready to know exactly what the selection process and Dream Team training process will look like, because they're ready to start the recruitment process. Unfortunately, since there is not a current plan for the selection plan or training to come from HQ, it looks like we will have to start working this week as a city team to put this together. I was hoping for a new frame to work with and was not anticipating to start on this process so soon, but we will. I found all my old paperwork over the last couple of years so I will read through that to create the first draft of a plan.

2) I requested feedback from 4 of my trusted allies (2 teachers and 2 past students) on how Kenya is being received by folks at Eastern in these first couple of weeks of school and to ask for any advice on how she can be received even better. The feedback I received was not as positive as I hoped. Kenya is not necessarily being received well with some faculty, staff or students who felt like her first impression wasn't the best. She was unfortunately late to the first faculty/staff meeting but made a very over the top entrance. Some students have some hesitations because of her different, unqiue personality. It just made it clear that Kenya will make her own faculty/staff allies and other students that mesh well with her personality and vision will become her team, and that is perfectly ok. The launch will be just as crucial at her school with building new relationships, even though we were at the same school previously. We Need to strategize a plan to introduce herself powerfully in a formal way to the faculty/ staff again since the original late informal intro may have rubbed some folks the wrong way (but then again, not everyone will rock with everyone!).

3) Unfortunately, I did not get to make it in to WeWork to fill out the paperwork on Friday for the dedicated desk, so I am not sure if the space has been filled this quickly. They go so quickly, so I'm hoping to find out on Tuesday if I can sign up to have it be mine! Fingers crossed!!

4) Gemar and I are both not used to being APs and don't necessarily naturally flow with it or love keeping one another accountable so we haven't been on top of our accountability support game as is expected. We reach out when we need help, and that works for us, but it doesn't necessarily fit the expectation.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Yes, but it is a lot due at the same time so my team and I will absolutely have to s pace our due dates out.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
-May members of the Lab team create a customizable training for the new model for Dream Teams and Future Fellows?

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
-Create a standardized training for Dream Teams with the new model (centered on student leadership development) and training for Future Fellows that also allows for flexible, customizable components.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
None, I just love MEAT!!

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
BWI - 1st choice, DCA (Reagan) - 2nd choice, IDA (Dulles) - 3rd choice

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
DC (I live there lol)

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
Yes, I have a husband and 1.5 kiddos!