---
Kenya Ramey
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
My Apprentice and I are finally getting a solid schedule, to do items and establishing a working relationship filled with integrity, accountability, understanding and respect of our purpose in the space. 
DREAM TEAM MEETING- I fully enjoyed having our meeting this week with students that have been apart of the program in the past and informing them of the model (Dream Team/Future Fellows) for this school year. Many students inquired with questions, feedback and concerns and I look forward to following up on a weekly basis through the beginning of our application process starting October 1st. 
THE ICE CREAM LADY IS COMING!!!!! This week, I had the distinct pleasure of hosting a  Faculty/Staff Dessert Social afterschool and it was EVERYTHING! This time allowed returning and new employees to be introduced to TFP, Dream Team, where my office is located and how they can be of support throughout the school year. I had the great opportunity of informing many of my past work experience and what brought me into Dream Directing. Most importantly, it’s always great to have something sweet at the end of the day to reel people into your ultimate vision for the school year. 
Let me just say this, I absolutely love National Learning Days. It allows The Vortex to get together in person and spend the day in “weekly” trainings, meetings and check-ins and we have an amazing “home space” with We Work office location; which is tremendously beneficial with the exchange of ideas. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Upon receiving the specific Launch Sequence items from National Day of Learning, I recognized that my most important area to improve in is organizing how the audit will be administered. More to come! 
TIME MANAGEMENT!!!!! Although I have solid office hours in place and enjoy having the inviting space to entertain people, I’m recognizing that it is extremely difficult to get necessary paperwork completed when students and faculty/staff members are coming in and out throughout the day. I’m a people engager and deem it necessary to engage each person as they enter. In need of finding additional time for daily correspondence, possibility audit clarification, Honor Roll assembly specifics and interviewing process.  
I’m looking forward to engaging the larger student body throughout the day during hallway interaction, lunch and transition times in inquiring what they’re needs are for the school year. 
Although the Dessert Social was EPIC, the cost of hosting it for an average of 100 people surpassed my expectation. In the future, I will budget and navigate the finances accordingly. Notably, Eastern Director of Logistics requested that host something on a monthly basis for faculty/staff, so I am going to begin looking into a future partnership for financial purposes. 
I’m noticing that my school is accustomed to a Dream Director functioning in the capacity of hosting many “large” scale events on top of Dream Team work and Future Projects. These events require massive organizing, people support, etc… Therefore, I am looking to navigate the space in informing and showing them that Dream Directing looks different on each person and comes in various forms specifically wanting to define my work in and of itself. Essentially finding balance in what can be beneficial for Dream Team/Future Fellows and what isn’t.  

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Yes, I am on track for completing the Launch Sequence. I want to make sure that I give myself adequate enough time to fulfill all necessary items within the sequence with excellence and achievable solutions. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
Can we change the town hall meeting to another day and/or time? As the alloted date/time has been extremely difficult to attend. Notably, I would like to be present when it’s occurring versus watching it at a later time. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
The Possibility Audit is extensive!!!!!! Period! And I appreciate it’s purpose and how it shapes our work. However, I would have liked to have been given this information, the expectations, examples of past audits (at different schools), potential practice models during training over the summer. I’m finding that the balance of hosting students, inquiring faculty/staff, engaging school body and elevating school culture is a task in itself. However, this process will also inform the audit. 

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
More variety of vegetable, fruit and seafood (salmon, fish, shrimp) options. 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
Ronald Reagan or Dulles (Washington, DC) 

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
None of the above :-)