---
Voncia Monchais
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1) The launch in our 3 schools across DC went very successfully! It was awesome to see all 3 DDs in action and in their element, building relationships with students and teachers, and changing the energy in each of the schools. The Philly team came down to support the DC DDs and they said it was the best and most important training they have received thus far, so it was awesome to collaborate and have lessons learned from hands on, practical work. All of the Dream Directors felt awesome about the work they did, and they made a name for The Future Project from Day 1! Principals were all present, wearing TFP buttons and supportive of the changed energy that we brought :).
2) I had my first 1:1s and observations with all 3 of my team members, and they were all successful! My team members are all very open to hearing and adjusting areas of growth, and open to coaching. My goal this week was for them to work on building relationships and making a presence with faculty/ staff and students, and it is clear that they worked on that. Walking around with each of them in their schools, it was clear that people knew them, showed them love and respect. 
3) I visited four different co-working locations (3 different We work locations and Impact Hub) to find a space that I can work out of daily, that we can have our Monday National Learning days, and a space where we can have sporadic events and city wide meetings with students. After doing my research, we decided to become We Work members! So I now officially have a space to work out of, and we have access to 3 different locations!
4) I finally got to meet with Cardozo's extremely busy principal, Dr. Roane, and it was the most successful meeting I have ever had with her! She LOVES Veracity and the change that is coming in the school because of her presence and work, so I feel like we finally have a true ally in her, which I think will allow Veracity to be more successful in her school next year!
5) The DC team is so on board with getting all items in on time and have finally become accustomed to the Vortex task accountability system, and are on board with all the requirements now that the launch is officially over. I was very worried last week because they were juggling so much and felt overwhelmed so we were all behind on our reports and accountability (and we got called out on the REPEATEDLY, which I never wanted to happen again), so thankfully everyone got their stuff in on time this week, and I know that is a trend that will continue! Yay for accountability and integrity!
6) Not being in a school anymore means I get to be in everyone's school supporting them! I was able to support each DD with their events this week, and that was awesome! I think they feel truly supported! Besides the first day launch, the highlight event of the week was Jess' faux happy hour which I got to help her put together.  A complete success that was game changing for her faculty/staff! The DC team is truly embedding in the school much more powerfully than last year! 
7) Seeing some real progress made across the organization (with town hall meeting transparency) and Enterprise team ON top of it with timing! IT's nice to see positive change happening :)

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) Jess got her Ipad stolen by a student this week :(. I do not want to spend any extra money from our tight city budget, so I am praying that the police find it!
2) On day 1, Kenya felt frustrated from comments and expectations made by faculty and students on following the same path that I made at Eastern, and it really upset her, because she felt unnecessary pressure from people in the building. She had a funky attitude during the morning festivities on launch day, because she wears her heart on her sleeve, so her energy was very down and almost negative for a few minutes. Once I got there and we had a quick coaching session on making her own path and launching in the way that makes sense for HER, she quickly adjusted her attitude and made it work. During our 1:1 we had a long serious talk about always bringing positive energy, not feeling unnecessary pressure because she is setting her OWN path at Eastern as the new DD, and not wearing her heart on her sleeve because she is being looked to to bring that positive energy. We came up with a system for private venting and releasing that energy and staying ON for her students :). She was very opena nd receptive to the advice so I think there will be a positive change and less pressure! 
3) Apprentices - We have a couple of really great apprentices that want to work with us (and have begun working with us), but we want to be able to pay them asap and have more clarity around what their pay schedule etc will look like. This information has not been given in great detail yet by the Enterprise team and we are hoping for that to come down asap!
4) Unfortunately, the only space available at We Work is a "hot desk" so I do not actually have a private office to work out of, which I was hoping for. For now, this will work!

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

Atuya Cornwell, volunteer - applied for a Dream Director position in DC in the second round - we ended up not being able to hire an additional DD
Selentia Moore - applied for a Dream Director position in DC in the second round - we ended up not being able to hire an additional DD


How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?

Suggestions:
1) Apprentice details (payment schedule, training) should begin NOW! We have people that we want to be our apprentices that are working with us now, but without paying them early, I am afraid that some of these high quality people may not stay with us. So it would be ideal to get that money available earlier. Also, it would be awesome if the national team can come up with a universal training that all apprentices go through (maybe through Francesca and Sarah Tankoos).
2) Funding for local Directors of Inspiration. I really want to be able to have a part time person on staff that is a photographer, videographer, documenting in our city. We have a person, Rachel Couch who was hoping to be hired part time and was even willing to put together a training for our students interested in the field.