---
Jessica Valoris
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. We painted my new office!! My students got busy with the paint, and the space is completely transformed!!

2. I helped facilitate some small parts of the 9th grade orientation and had the floor to introduce myself and my work and do some fun icebreakers. It went really well, and a lot of students seemed interested to get involved!

3. I organized and got 3 of our community partners to help host a staff faux happy hour to celebrate the first week of school. It went really well. It was an awesome turnout, including our principal, and folks were really please with the event and how we were able to transform the teachers lounge.

4. I have been having meetings with the Deans, the Social Workers, and the 9th grade team to ask them questions based off of the possibility audit, create an inventory of their passions, and to present to them our projected programming for the year. Each meeting has helped to bring clarity around what TFP does at Roose, and created space to explore potential collaborations and overlap.

5. There are 4 other community partners at Roose who have a consistent presence. We've been in constant communication planning for African and Hispanic Heritage Month, and the upcoming parent engagements. Its been really good to work with them, and we're discovering how aligned we are in terms of our services!


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. My iPad got stolen out of my office. 

2. There were 2 assemblies that I was unable to participate in, that would have been really good opportunities for me to re-introduce myself to our upperclassmen (and our huge number of transfer students). I will be going around to english classes, but wish I had better report with the head of the 10th, and 11th/12th grade APs.

3. We have a new parent coordinator who so far seems less than equipped to do his job. He has been relying heavily on the community partners, but not offering much in return. That's been a bit frustrating.


Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?
Nope.


How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
apprentices!! more money to pay them!!