---
Jessica Valoris
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. We had three student focus groups with the Principal and students from 10, 11th, and 12th grades! they went really well and created a platform for students to be heard. 
2. I have been working with students all week to finish setting up my office space, and it is finally coming together and organized.
3. Students have been coming up with some great ideas around how to improve the school and how it feels here. I'm definitely feeling a sense of direction from students around what they'd like to see and create this year.


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. I paid a little too much for the senior focus group. We had chipotle to make the students feel special, but it was pricier than I had planned for.
2. I have been a little delayed with meeting with teachers because they have yet to have their grade team planning meetings. 
3. Feeling a little overwhelmed with all the work happening in the next two weeks. I'm helping to organize the activities fair and also need to represent The Future Project during the activities fair too. And I have to start pushing into english classes. 


Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Yes. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
Nope.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Apprentices!

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
vegetarian

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
BWI

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No.