---
Kenya Ramey
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Supporting our Philly Team!!!!!! It was truly a pleasure to share space and time with the city's official launch. As a team member and friend, it brought pure joy to see the reception, excitement and enthusiasm of Chief, Dream Directors, students, faculty/staff and all those involved with making greatness happen! 
I registered for 2 events that will connect my personal and TFP work: Congressional Black Caucus, Museum of Impact Launch.
Created and Discussed at length with Chef and Apprentice the official Possibility Plan “Bold Action Steps” with email, meeting invitations and follow-up of: student surveys (lunchtime, freshman advisory, 11th grade English classes), teacher focus groups (Staff Meeting, Staff Announcements), individual meetings (email and quick conversations). 
Created tangible steps towards our the first school wide event (9/25): Honor Roll Assembly and reconvening with Principal Skerritt and Chief Monchais regarding Dream Director expectations, Eastern TFP vision and plan for the school year centered around National Model. i.e. committing to the 1st Honor Roll Assembly to follow through with integrity, however establishing a school wide committee that will host for the remainder of the school year. 
An extremely successful 1:1 with my Chief, as her feedback and follow-up was essential with supporting me in recovering with my Principal regarding DD expectations, Apprentice roles/responsibilities/follow-up.  

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Spoke with Apprentice in detail expectations, wants, needs and goals that will provide a successful school year and fierce Dream Team. After an intense, yet very necessary conversation mid week, we both realized that we will hold one another accountable of our established communication within our working relationship. 
Not enough time and/or days in the week! 
With that being said, this week I should have given myself tangible and achievable items to complete on my TO DO List. Being a person of integrity and excellent, I will work on several items over the weekend that are in need of completing before Monday.  

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
This question is not necessary in relation to Town Hall meeting, potentially for Sallome’. I noticed in Weekly Reports from the previous year it included the following questions: What are your goals for next week? What were your goals from last week? Did you hit them? 
Is there anyway of including them into our Weekly Reports this year?  As it is another tool that could be used for not only integrity, accountability, most importantly planning objectives. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Establishing a National Dream Director, Apprentice manual, training, expectation, jobs/roles responsibilities, pay or nonpayment system (credity). 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): 
Are you getting "enough" sleep? YES! 
Are you eating regularly? Unfortunately NO, I just moved into a new apartment and still in need of making time to grocery shop for necessary items that balance my health wellness.  
Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? YES, looking to do more so in the coming weeks. 
Are you managing your finances well? NO, my recent move into an new apartment and travel options have replenished my funds and now I’m in the process of re-establishing a healthier financial plan moving forward.  
Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? YES 
Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated? YES 


Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
That time is not ideal for my schedule and self care. I recommend Friday’s, 4:00pm or 4:30pm as that still allots the opportunity of orchestrating end of week transparency from all department.a 

What is your principal's name?
Rachel Skerritt 

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool


KCR