---
Veracity Savant
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
Some highlights from this week include:
- Going to Philly for their first day
It was amazing being in Philly with the team for their first day. It was exciting to pay it forward since they were present for our first day and to also experience that along with Team Newark. I was at Shenille's school along with Nova and Mills and it was really great. Her principal has been hesitant in allowing her to do some very basic things, such as hire a DJ, but he is open to change, I think it will just take some time. So it was great being there to support Shenille in everything from passing out school schedules to setting up Dream Boards and having the young people come write down their dreams, giving out candy, and just engaging with students and staff in an organic way. 

- Finding someone to do the announcements in Spanish
FINALLY, I found a bilingual student to do the announcements in Spanish. Her name is Hayley, she's new to Cardozo but she's awesome and already making her mark. I met her the first day of school and she's already started taking initiative, coming up with ideas and getting involved. She'll officially start announcements on Monday and she had her first practice run today! #Exciting

- Seeing my kids as their greatest selves by the end of this week
Last week ended badly after the fight and this week started off a little rough and shaky with team dynamics for the OGDTs (Original Dream Team Members) as they usually do after an argument where people take sides. But some very clear leaders emerged, Tashana, T'Keil, and Chris Rumph, and they got the team together and by the end of this week, it was awesome. I pulled up to the school to see Jharrod come in on a hoverboard (#Awesome), Davon and Tervonta, the two boys who got into a fight last week, were sitting at lunch talking to each other, laughing and joking, and in lieu of Fridays ON Fleek, the OGDTs took over the gym and played music while people played basketball and they also organized a dance contest kicked off by Asher and Daja and I didn't organize ANYTHING! Its just really magical to see their growth and it lets me know that I've planted seeds that are starting to grow.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
One pain point is not having Fridays on Fleek today. Even though they found some substitute fun, it was sad not preparing for Fridays On Fleek for the first time since we kicked it off last March/April. And it was just a reminder that there is work to be done and more innovation that has to come to substitute such an awesome event!

Another pain point is still not having my office completed. I literally have had no time AT ALL! So its sad to still not have my home together yet but its getting there little by little. The last thing is my couch and that will be in there by Monday so it won't be too long. 


One area to improve would be in organization. I'm working on getting my life, organizing my schedules and just creating new rituals. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 

Nope.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Continue to restore integrity in Detroit.

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
1. No, not getting enough sleep.
2. No, not eating regularly
3. Spending quality time with my loved ones, but not in balance. 
4. Managing my finances well, could always use more opportunities to increase revenue.
5. #CoreEngaged in regards to emotional and spiritual practices. Working on getting a physical regimen regularly.
6. Definitely intellectually and creatively stimulated. 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

Mondays during National learning day at lunch time.

What is your principal's name?

Dr. Tanya Roane

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool