---
Kenya Ramey
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

1.       This week was the start of DCPS New School Year!!!!!!! Hands down, the ultimate highlight/bright spot was finally getting the opportunity of sharing space with all 1400+ of our students at Eastern, introducing myself, welcoming them back to school and being a positive being in often times oppressive spaces i.e. classes that they've taken before, registration, parent difficulties, faculty and staff that find "fault" at all things young people from the moment they walk onto campus. I enjoyed seeing the glee that was brought to many faces when I told them that I was their newest Dream Director. Through their eyes, I can see that they saw themselves in me.

2.       The Philly Team came down to support us DC Girls "The Vortex" and it brought pure joy and admiration to their commitment, support and integrity for being fully present and on time. Hakim was everything for me on the 1st Day of School! His energy, cheer, encouragement, admiration, intellect, admiration sparked the ultimate plug in cultivating The Possibility Village.

3.       Dream Team Students!!!!!!!! These committed students in the building have found me, congratulate me, brought their friends by and pushed all of us to want to be better. Notably, one student said, “I’m so happy for you!” It brought tears to my eyes in the realization of a young person that I’m here to support in transforming their life, is essentially going to transform mine. The embodiment of Intergenerational Possibility!

4.       Dream Team members inquired about our 1st official meeting of the year, being able to continue designing the room together, feedback on what they would like to see this school year, what events we’re going to be hosting and have been open “wanting to learn more about” the new programmatic layout of Dream Team vs. Future Fellows. Let me tell you something, the students have been the ultimate "umph" of inspiration needed in our Launch Sequence.

5.       Lastly, another Bright Spots has been the receptive introduction of faculty and staff in the building that have taken the initiative of introducing themselves, showing support, stopping by The Possibility Village and admiring the decor and name of the space and most importantly wanting to be involved. Specifically, I appreciated one person in particular who is a 1st Year Spanish Teacher and knew we were TRIBE/would have many things in common based on my introduction last week during Professional Development. It turns out that she is one of my Black Studies colleague that just graduated as one of her students from UVA. This 1st Year Spanish Teacher is all on board with cultivating The Possibility Village!


 
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

1.       Although, the 1st day of school turned out to be a success in terms of visibility for TFP/new Dream Director, I’m a perfectionist! It could have been affectively organized more efficiently. I was under the impression that the building admiration would have everything taken care of in regards to how students will arrive, receive schedules, etc…I would simply arrive with all the “fanfare” of being back in school and support in those regards. Not! I was asked by a leader of the building, “so what happens, next?” in the midst of all the confusion. Unfortunately, it tampered my “everything” for about 20 minutes in my interaction with students. My energy and spirit was frustrated, disappointed and in need of regrouping. As I typically, snapped out of it and began doing what I do best, engaging our beloved young people. I realized the importance of simply doing what I planned and that is engaging our students in passion, power, purpose and possibility. As I’m holding myself accountable, I will not let “the powers that be” interrupt the flow of what I’ve came here to do.  

2.       I would like to continue staying actively engaged with the entire student body by walking the hallways with purpose: engagement of school culture and excitement: stickers, buttons and candy. In support of keeping the Launch momentum going.

3.       I want to improve in arriving to the school building the time that I’ve committed myself to regarding office hours and building activities.

4.       Planning to the “T” the specifics of Dream Team Meeting and Desert Social Hour for faculty and staff beforehand (this weekend) and any other upcoming events ahead of time. I am committed to improving on time management, effectiveness and quality with future programs, specifically our 1st program: Honor Roll Assembly, September 24th.

5.       Notably, I release the energy of taking building relations/comments/transitions personally and recognize that I’m a part of the great legacy that is Dream Directing and will be respected, appreciated and honored in the work that I do with our students. I am here!


 
Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

Kelcey Abney (DC Apprentice), who has been working consistently with supporting our program and is hoping to get some solid answers on whether or not the Apprentice program will have the following: training, contracts, regular payday options. I have asked those questions for this week’s town hall.
Monica O. Montgomery, reading partnership/collaboration on social justice traveling museum. We are having a meeting Monday afternoon.


 
How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?

TFP can function 10% better next week by providing updating information on the status of our colleagues/team members in Detroit. With hopes of receiving that information today during the Town hall meeting. Specifically, letting us know ways in which we can support, particularly fellow new Dream Directors.
Questions for Town Hall: See Above regarding Apprentice program and Town Hall Question Box