---
Voncia Monchais
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

Voncia Monchais Report:
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1)  I was able to meet with all 3 principals this week, and lay out the modified model, focus, and expectations of Dream Directors in schools. We were able to create strong visions with the principals and Dream Directors for the year (particularly Jess' new principal!). It was awesome to spend time with all 3 Dream Directors in their schools during PD week, so I could provide encouragement, support, and a hand in getting their spaces and launches ready!  
2) I was able to spend time with all 3 DDs in their new spaces this week, and help to massage and support positive attitudes with new spaces and possibility in each school. Jess and Kenya both got upgrades to their spaces, while Veracity got a bit of a downgrade, but we were able to +5 all the spaces, and brainstorm the best use of each space.
3) Things have been so hectic, but we finally got to pause as a team and catch up on personal life, which is an important part in maintaining the close-knit, family culture of the Vortex. We were able to do this and be very productive on a team Shopping trip to Ikea, where we got to help one another brainstorm and get items for our new spaces.
4) I have been away for training for what feels like a month (eek!) so it was incredible to actually sit still and be home for a full week! I got to have plenty of family time that my Jays and I treasured and that we all needed to get us grounded!
5) I see the attempt of TFP in restoring integrity on the issues that were most prominent, including lack of transparency and the need for more communication. The first town hall and ongoing document is clearly an attempt at stronger communication across the team and transparency. There is also some progress with the Enterprise team with their quick responses to e-mails and more efficient attention to issues that arise. It's good to see TFP moving in a positive direction with systems.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1) My team and I are all feeling overwhelmed and exhausted because we jumped straight from several weeks back to back straight into Professional Development week and next week, launching in our schools. We do not feel rested nor like we had a significant vacation/ break. With more time, I believe that the launch could be even more powerful and attitudes would be even more positive and excited to start the year, rather than exhausted and scrambling. This week was hectic for everyone, and I would love for TFP to spread training out throughout the summer so that the training schedule does not run straight into the start of school for the earliest starting school districts.

2) Since my team was feeling overwhelmed this week and their primary focus was on getting prepared for the launch and being fully present during this professional development week, I knew that some items may fall through the cracks. So I stayed on top of my team throughout the week to remind them when the big deadline of Friday was approaching to get all important items done, including Weekly report, expensify, and the integrity survey. The deadline came and went, and despite my reminders and insistence to pause everything else and get it done, these reports unfortunately did NOT get done on time, which was extremely frustrating. Up until this afternoon when my team and I got called out for not having the reports done, I have taken an approach that was very understanding and gentle, but I realize that I have to change my approach to ensure things get done, even when things are hectic! Though I understand the hecticness of this week and weekend, I am still disappointed that my team is tardy with our first assignment. This is something that I certainly don't want to become a habit, and with my intense reaction with my team, I'm sure it won't be! 

3) I created a new Vortex Accountability Task Management system (similar to the Epic dashboard) for my DC team over 2 weeks ago so we could use this system to keep us organized with our task lists. We agreed on this as a team to use this year as our accountability and organizational system during TFP201. Since this is a new system for the team, I knew it would take a little while to get used to, but it unfortunately has not been something the team has been using or maintaining in an efficient way. I have reminded the team several times that the expectation is for them to use this system (not at their leisure but as a professional responsibility) and it is still taking some serious time for them to adjust to using the system :/. I know the timing is tough because the team is overwhelmed with preparing for the start of the year, but I know the importance in getting used to using the system EARLY so it becomes a habit. My super friendly approach has just transformed into a manager so I expect to see the use of the system used daily, as is the expectation! I am just looking forward to powerfully getting through this next week so that things can get back to a normal schedule and my team and I feel less stressed and easier able to manage all of our responsibilities and deadlines.

4) I am very excited that Philadelphia has two dynamic women running their city, and that Shantrelle has the support of Shesheena in Philadelphia. That is exactly the kind of support I was expecting to have in DC when I learned about the Deputy Director position. I was very disappointed when I realized that we had eliminated that position. I want to have support in the city so I can ensure once I go on maternity leave, there will be a person who has been with the team who can easily step into the position of Chief temporarily (like Shesheena is doing while Shantrelle is on sabbatical). I am hoping that since that position exists in another city, it can SOON happen in DC as well. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
-Spread out the training schedule throughout the summer with plenty of break time for DDs in the earliest starting school districts (San Francisco and DC) so that training does not run straight into the start of school.

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Yes

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
n/a - we will be watching it next week! The team and I were attending PDs so we had an abbreviated National Learning Day and will be watching MLTS next week.

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
May the Movement/ Enterprise team put together a universal training for apprentices? 
Why have we moved away from the coach model when that had proven to be effective for some students in previous years?
May we have local Directors of Inspiration who can document in each city and train our students on how to document?


Jessica Valoris Report:
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1. Loving my new temporary principal. Had a meeting with him and my chief, and we all seem to be one same page and he's super supportive.
2. I got an office space!!! UPGRADED!! Def excited to style it out!
3. A crew of my students came trough on Friday to gelp prep for the first day. I was super excited to see them, and am juiced about this new year!!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1. I didnt get a chance to introduce myself to the whole staff, so just finding ways to reach out and let them know the scope and vision of our programming this year.
2. My credit card didnt work, and I didnt find out until last minute... Made things a lil hectic, but Voncia came through to support and we rolling with it.
3. Had a meeting with some other communiry partner and our new parent coordinator. It was super unorganized and we're all a little doubtful of the parent coordinators ability to connect and do the work.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Help get my expensify working so I can get reimbursed.
Paying more for apprentices and helping to find qualified apprentices!

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Yup!

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
n/a

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
Not yet...