---
Kenya Ramey
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1. As the 1st official week in our schools for DCPS Professional Development, it was a joy getting to introduce myself (utilizing various aspects of my personal narrative developed during training).
2. Learning to navigate the space that is Eastern High School.
3. Officially getting to meet with my principal and having a wonderful 2+ hour meeting with her about our hopes, dreams and aspirations for the upcoming school year. 
*Seeing The Possibility Village (oh the possibilities!!!!) for the 1st time. 
** Meeting with Dream Team members to discuss 1st Day Launch, upcoming new year and to just chill in our new space envisioning the greatness! 
***The Vortex went on a fun shopping trip to Ikea and off course we had a blast spending time together mid week being able to catch. :-) 


 
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1. Learning to navigate the various building allies whose positions and responsibilities have changed from last year.
2. I want to work on a weekly/bi-weekly communication regarding TFP activities to faculty and staff. Being able to establish an 'ritual' line of communication either via email, mailbox notices, department lead announcements, etc... 
3. Notably, navigating time and space with upcoming deadlines i.e. weekly reports, expensify, email follow-up, to , dream team and self care. 



How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Adhering to each city's specific needs regarding launch necessities: AMEX cards w/budget $, iPads, professional development (be more understanding to those Dream Directors in the 1st week/PD and the expectation of participating in National Learning Day). 



Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Not yet :-) 



What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
Was not able to see it due to in school PD schedule and Learning Day w/city team accommodation via conference call. 



Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
What is the plan for rolling out the Apprentice program this year? Is there going to be training involved? If so, per city and/or nationally? 


KCR