---
Frank Brady
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

      1. Going to NY to go to Lamar's school to assist with the first day of school in NY, I enjoyed co facilitating ice breakers for the class he was     teaching, I also enjoyed assisting during the lunch wave activities he had. I did not like the heart in the building however.

      2. There is a lot of positive energy around recruitment for the dream team   this year, word of mouth has been very effective this school year.
           My dream team member sent me a text telling me that there are some many people interested in joining the future project this year.
      
      3. I was asked to accept an award honoring my work in the community recently by a local church. The church is having banquet on october 25th

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

       1. I did not know that grade level assemblies were happening this week on friday, I wanted to show a video of projects to the 11 grad students specifically, I was not on the e-mail that went out about the assemblies.

       2. The pictures for the first day fresh were supposed to have been available online this week for students, we do not have a new IT person to get the link to the website so the photos can  be made available to the kids. 
  
       3.  I was sick this week and missed half of tuesday because I was very out of it.  I got back into the building on thursday of this week. There was not any thing I was behind in, however, it felt off to be coming in on a thursday after half a tuesday.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
      
       Do we know the update on the apprentice program?  
        
How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
      Not sure currently.

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

       I am not currently getting enough sleep,  I am eating regularly, I can do a better job of spending time with my loved ones,  I am getting better at managing my finances,.

       Emotional: Taking inventory and making sure I'm emotionally clean and not backed up with repressed emotions.
  
       Spiritual: Morning prayer and getting my behind to church on time on sundays.
 
       Physical: I got some weights at home and have purchased a bike and have been exercising.

       Intellectually Stimulated: I am on the cusp of intellectual stimulation, I am working on learning about education standards to see how it can line up with tfp pedegogy. 

       Creatively stimulated: yes I am

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

        I would recommend Thursday 

What is your principal's name?

        Principal Edith Johnson

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool