---
Christian Shaboo
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1) The True Haven Launch was a HUGE SUCCESS!  Every single DD has had such a powerful experience launching at their schools, and doing it in a way that is creating norms and culture for their community in the first work, more specifically already having programming in place that will continue throughout the year.  

2) As for HSC specifically, this has been the most powerful programming I have offered/collaborated on in my entire time here.  Students were so incredibly engaged the first week, and we have made such a powerful transition from the rocky end of the year last year.  I am even more confident that it is necessary for me to be here this year, and that the opportunity is there to be the first school that truly engages the entire community towards lasting change. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) Not all of my 1-1s with DDs/ Sarah were completed.  Specifically, I did not have a 1-1 with Jay or Sarah.  Both were scheduled, and I even attempted to reschedule, but because of the nature of the first week, and really launching powerfully, we could not find a time even check in on a call.  I am going to try to check in with Jay over the weekend. 

2) Being tired.  Due to the opportunity that presented itself at HSC (where I could truly take over programming in the first week) it meant a whole lot of production on my end.  As a result, the last two weeks I have put in A LOT of hours.  I will need to find some time to recoup over the long weekend and next week.  But, it was definitely worth it.  

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
Absolutely.  The one thing I know I will have to do is talk with the True Haven team more in-depth about the promises, also I will need to distinguish between coaching, courses, events, and meetings for everyone as I know there is still a lack of clarity around that (HOORAY for the doc that Joseph put together!)

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
No. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Make requests that give people more than a few hours/one day to deliver on.  There have been a few instances in the last couple weeks where someone (not Sallome) has made a request that does not allow for a lot of time to actually complete the request with integrity.  


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
No.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
If on a train, we leave from Metro North at Union Station in New Haven.  If by plane, LaGuardia (NY) or Bradley (Hartford, CT)

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No. 

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No.