---
Christian Shaboo
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

1) The team really enjoyed "Most Likely To Succeed."  We had great conversation afterwards, and it sparked an interest for the team in bringing a screening of the film to New Haven. 

2) On Thursday, I led a task mapping session with the team for LAUNCH sequence.  It was incredibly powerful, and the response from the team after the activity confirmed its power.  I would love to share the activity with all of the CDDs.  

3) I had a phenomenal meeting with the new leadership team at HSC.  We have begun to put a plan together to reshape the entire first week of school at HSC and make it the most powerful start we have had, to date.  Also, I already have a team of ten students (and a few alums) ready to help create the day in some planning meetings this week.  #BeEpic


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

1) Although I thought the meeting with the Superintendent was a decent meeting (similar to meetings in the past), the team was challenged by the meeting.  The main issue was that Garth continued to question our impact, even though it admitted to being a bit ignorant on our impact as he did not read the reports we submitted to his office last year.  I could have done a better job of preparing the team for this dynamic, and we should have also brought our last report with us to reference as it detailed some of our impact from last year in a comprehensive way. 

2) In general, the team was not at 100% strength.  A few members of the team were sick before or during meetings, which meant we were not at our best as a team.  I think much of this had to do with the amount of travel team members did over the span of 4 weeks. 

3) My technology was not working properly for our Joint Chiefs call, hence why I was late for the meeting and having challenges throughout the meeting.  I think it is a sign that I need to buy a new personal laptop.  I am going to look into this within the next week. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

At this time, I still do not have access to New Haven DD weekly reports.  I know this is something that is being resolved, but it is something we can do better.  Additionally, I'd like for us to reconsider some of the flow of tasks that need to be completed as CDDs.  Since DDs do not have to have their reports done until Friday 9pm, I think it is safe to say that CDDs will not be accessing this until after that time, thus the weekend.  However, our deadline for our own report, and reading DDs reports, is Sunday.  This translates into CDDs needing to work on weekends.  I do not think we necessarily discussed this, and I think it is unfair to assume that CDDs are on-board with this without having a conversation about it.  Perhaps, even if we push our deadlines to Monday, it would give CDDs a bit more flexibility.  Or, the Joint Chiefs team should have a discussion about how they are taking time for themselves during the week since our deadlines necessitate working on weekends. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey?  

Yes I did!

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?

I, along with the entire True Haven team, are eager to bring a screening of this film to our New Haven community.  I have already been in talks with Nora about this.  So, in short, we found it incredibly beneficial and necessary for our students, teachers, parents, community members to see. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?

None that I can think of at this time.  Most of the questions I had got resolved in last week's town hall.