---
Christian Shaboo
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1) The first Musical Theater Production Company Meeting!  So exciting to get this started, to have excited students, to be using something I'm passionate about and supporting this student-run year long group, with DiJhon leading the way!

2) It was great to see everyone in the NYC office on Wednesday.  I feel like I had important conversations with several team members that I would not have otherwise had conversation with.  

3) Really enjoyed my train ride 1-1s with Akua and George.  Both one on one yielded great insight into how we can powerfully set up our training of Dream Teams for the year (which is a meeting we are having on Tuesday).  

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1)  It was a short week in schools for everyone because of Monday off and Wednesday in NYC.  While we all made progress this week, we all also felt a bit disconnected from our schools because of this, which is natural. 

2) The first week of school last week meant that several team members were behind on their weekly accountabilities.  I was frustrated by this, as I sent reminders, we have powerful systems, and I think we all got so wrapped up in the excitement and great work of the week, that we fell behind in our reports.  

3) Ms. Gibbs continues to be a challenge.  Even though she has shown great support for George and TFP in the first week, she has also been very challenging around initial ideas of getting data about Riverside, from students, video/audio, etc.  

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 

Any updates on Detroit -  Obviously the hiring of Pat, but also how the team there has been moving forward, and if there have been any personnel changes.  

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Continue to learn from the work we have done here in New Haven and allow it to inform and shape how we shape the way The Future Project works.  Specifically, they ways in which our team has built a powerful, supportive culture, our model of apprenticeship, and the powerful launches in schools this year, in which routines and rituals were already created on the first week. 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

YES TO ALL OF THE ABOVE. 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

Moving it even 30-min earlier would be great!

What is your principal's name? 

 Matt Brown.

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool