---
Jay Kemp
Personal Possibility Audit
---

As a Future Project staff member, it is crucial that we live the principles we teach and foster in others.  As we serve others in living the life of a Dreamer, it is our responsibility to ensure that we are demonstrating the behaviors and mindset we wish to see.  

Many people have not thought deeply about what success means for them.  Often, we use other people’s definitions for ourselves – whether it matches what we value or not.  How do you define success and is that different for various aspects for your life?  If so, explain how the definition changes. 

Success to me comes in moments. I know people look at success as this overall status, but to me if your life isn't done then there is no completion. Which means success at one moment can quickly turn in to failure. So success to me is seen in every opportunity you have in life where you can do the wrong thing, or the right thing. You can be successful at getting up the time you know is better for you, excersise when you know you need it, praying when you know it's necessary. These and many more become very challenging and with each success in these moments and choices produces an overall feeling success for me. So I don't look at reaching success in the future. I look at reaching success in the now. 
     

It is integral that we take care of ourselves physically, emotionally, financially, mentally and spiritually. What are you doing to care for yourself in the areas of body, heart, material well-being, mind and spirit, and creating the life of your dreams?
     I do excerssise but I am looking to challenge my body more.
     I have been really self reflecting and filling my mind as well as my surroundings with love and wisdom through the right people and books. 
        I also have been able to embrace forgiveness EVEN when  I didn't want to. Once I chose to take the action of forgiveness the process of healing began and I have been feeling so much lighter. 

Our team assists many people in actualizing their dreams due, in large part, to their knowledge of many people, places, resources/tools and ideas. What do you read and/or watch daily or weekly to educate you or peak your ongoing curiosity?  What workshops, seminars, conferences and summits are you excited about attending to help you grow as a Dreamer?  

I am looking in to that now. Things I used to do have become routine. It's time I switch it up 
       
Without systems and practices around your planning and execution, it is easy for things to fall through the cracks.  What is your ritual or routine around To Do Lists, email, voicemail, and tracking finances?
    


We often find ourselves struggling with the same challenges over years and years.  What is ongoingly out of integrity in your life?

Finances

No one can do the work of transforming an entire nation of Dreamers alone.   Who is on your team, available to you when you need their support – within and/or outside of the TFP community? 

My mentor and my WHOLE TFP TRUEHAVEN TEAM

Since we are about the business of making dreams come true and helping others develop the skills to do so over and over, it is important that we are always actively engaged in creating the life we’ve dreamed of. Considering your answers to questions 1-6 above and any and all goals you’ve set for yourself outside of this document, which big dream, goal, or aspiration do you intend to actualize by the end of Summer 2016? 
Complete and sell my screenplay

No one comes to the role of Chief Dream Director with mastery in all aspects of the job. There are many things needed to do the job well - 1:1 coaching, observation, facilitation, serving as a change leader within a city, and managing various administrative accountabilities. Given that we are committed to growth, in what aspects of this role would you most like to explore, practice, or get better at doing?

I would like to become better at coaching and observation.