---
Akua Soadwa
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. Having Creef and Joyce come support me at NHA on Monday. They supported me with fleshing out a strategy for my Minute to Win it Game days at NHA that will support me for the entire school year and beyond. I am grateful for being able to have their thought partnership.

2. Minute to win it game day - 36 students participated and loved it! Even some of the "hard/too cool students" loved it and bragged to me about how they won some of the games. It was an excellent way to break up the monotony in school and a great way to get the overwhelming majority of teachers/advisories involved. It was organized. It was fun. They learned. SUCCESS!

3. Sitting with Ms. Knox (Parent Liaison) and hearing about how she helps a family with food, cleaning, and babysitting. It was such a testament to the character that resides within staff at NHA. I want to think about how to best honor her this year. She is truly one of my biggest advocates here.

4. Wellness Weds  kick-off! 108 students sampled a smoothie during lunch time and it was SO successful. Some mentioned they want to assist with future ones. 

5. ALOT of students have come up to me wanting to join TFP this year! Like WOWSERS!
6. I got the YES from Greg to facilitate "Don't Be Raggedy" self-care workshops for ALL of the student body! I will be rolling it out in groups and all will have participated by end of November!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. Minute to Win it - I needed more time. Now that I did the test run I know what I need to do to make it better in the future. I am thankful that I can make it better in October. We are doing it once a month!

2. I need to come up with a plan for recruiting DT and Team Turn Up members because I realize that this year there will be even more people that are authentically interested. I have to be prepared to cut and am interested in creating a process where they eliminate themselves based on the process (e.g. if they don't do everything that is asked of them, as it is specifically laid out, they will not proceed to next phase)

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
No.
I just need to actually start it. This week has been focusing on the first week of school. I feel like just starting it will get me in the right zone and on target with completing by the deadline.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
I had an AHA moment this week. I think what is missing in our training before we start school - is Curriculum Planning time. I think it would make a TREMENDOUS difference if DD's were supported with how to create curriculum and given time and space to create it. 

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I do not eat cheese often (I do on occasion but it really depends on what's going on with me at the time).
I do not eat meat. 
I eat fish on occasion.
I do not eat a lot of dairy based items like milk, cheese (only on occasion). If there is milk in things, like cookies I would do it.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
New Haven Tweed - 1st preference
LGA - 2nd preference
JFK - 3rd preference

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
Sometimes NYC depending on the time.
Cleveland :) if we are planning to go there....

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
Not yet.