---
Christian Shaboo
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1) DDs had incredibly powerful meetings with their leaders at their schools.  Akua, Frank, Jeroy, George, and Jay all expressed a lot of excitement and alignment with their principals about vision for the year ahead, as well as first day/week of school plans.  In those moments where their plans were questioned or did not flow with the vision of the principal, I heard/saw DDs really listen for the opportunity that was being communicated.  I think this is a powerful skill for all DDs to have, and one which we need to continue to train people (not just DDs) in. 

2) 1-1s were all awesome and got off to a great start.  Although they were shortened to 30 minutes this week, due to everyone's differing schedules, we got alot out of our time.  

3) Personally, it was amazing to be back at HSC, lead an hour of PD, and create the first week of school.  We are going to do some EPIC things at HSC this year, and I am excited to share what I put together for the first week as it is a really powerful tool created in collaboration with the HSC leadership team. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1) It was a bit challenging getting the whole team together for our two meetings this week.  Two team members are dealing with divorces, and happen to have stuff come up because of this during team meeting times.  One team member had a court date for a speeding ticket, thus missed part of NLD. 

2) In addition to this, several team members seemed unclear about our Friday meeting time even though it was in their calendars and I created a template a month ago that outlined all of our meeting times.  We also had several team members out of integrity with the timing on meetings (showing up late, calling late, etc).  

3) I'm concerned that True Haven will have two mondays in a row in which we do not experience NLD.  I think this just puts more of a priority on powerful 1-1s the next two weeks, which I will be sure to do.  Still, I do not want us to get out of rhythm with NLD.  


Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments? 
Andrew Chin, he is my best friend, and Hayley and I already connected about this and I have connected with him directly. 


How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
Continue to improve upon communication.  We are getting better, but I think we can still improve in how we communicate across the organization, within verticals, etc.