---
Frank Brady
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1.  I launched first day fresh campaign for the first two days of school . Goals were set for freshman students and teacher facilitated the process.

2. Each academy did some great activities on the 2nd day of school which was essentially the first day of school all other grades except freshman. It was great to see these hype team building experiences with games and teacher introductions. I was asked to come to different academies and watch as well as assist if needed with the energy.  I saw how my work of transforming the first day of school has had a ripple / catalyst effect on how the whole staff kicks the year off. 

3. My dream team members who were new last school year led the presentation of the first day fresh campaign, it was symbolic because my Dream team veterans led the presentation last year, and this year the torch was passed. my new DT members from last year are now the vets.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1. This week, a big pain point was definitely dealing with getting a balloon arch for the first day of school per my principals request. The vendor I was dealing with only took cash, and I didn't  want to have to go through the reimbursement process with TFP. I tried to help get the vendor on paypal and online payments, that was a disaster. The vendor did not have a bank account and used alternative means online to deal with their money.  I spent saturday and sunday trying to get this done, it cut into my weekend. 

2. Setting up my office has been a real issue because I have little to no furniture. I had to leave it in my older office. There was some frustration on this because, I want my office set and built, i also had done my budget already by the time I got moved into a new office.

3. I was feeling tired on wednesday, due to working through the weekend, I felt very tired first week and I know it is because I'm getting back into routine. I did not do the best in regards to getting sleep and rest this week. I'm very aware that I have to stay on top of my routines from the start of the year . 


Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

1. I feel I am on track to complete the possibility audit, however, I need to carve out signifiant blocks of brainstorming  and planning time in the next few weeks. I have to really be vigilant about what I say yes to at the school for the next 3 weeks. I think this is moreso a prioritizing issue. 



Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

No questions currently for the Town hall.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
No suggestions currently.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
No

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

Newark International airport or Tweed New Haven  

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
No

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.

No