---
Akua Soadwa
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. I was extremely inspired to work on structures and processes for 3 core things at NHA: enhancing town meetings; starting a club at NHA; process for communicating outside and in school opps for and to students. As a result, I have some very solid and well thought out ideas, clarity and steps that I think will take NHA to the next level. These processes are documented and once finalized will reside in a binder that is easily accessible now and in the future. I will be meeting with Greg to discuss early next week. 

2. Streamlining communication to Greg. I realized that there are ways that are most effective with getting a response back from Greg, and things that delay his response. In response to this, I was proactive and scheduled a meeting so we can discuss what his preferred ways of communication are and to schedule weekly meetings so I can ensure everything I need addressed can be addressed at one time. I'm committed to ensuring I fulfill on my word to him and myself this year: that the theme of "get involved" is both of high quality, thoughtfulness and increased participation, so effective communication is a non negotiable. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. I was not on my best health game this week. I need to rethink what my wellness plan is for this first part of the school year. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
During dream academy I think it would be extremely helpful to have time for us to create our curriculums for our dream team. Have us look at an estimated number of times we would meet with them, and based on that number, and working backwards from where we want our specific dreamers to be, identify the theme/focus of each meeting. This will support us in advance rather than just beginning to think about and work on curriculum once in school. Things move quickly once the school year starts. It is essential that we work on the things that ultimately will take most of our time once the year begins. I believe curriculum is one of them.

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): 
Are you getting "enough" sleep? 
Not as much as I would like this week. 

Are you eating regularly? Yes and I need to prepare my lunch the night before so I have a healthy lunch and save money.

Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? 
This weekend I did.

Are you managing your finances well? Working on it and this week I devised a really amazing plan that will set me up to save some money to support with a down payment on a home by June next year and by my 35th bday. 

Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Yes. I'm watching and listening to messages that have high spiritual frequencies and reading parts of a great book at least two to three times a week.

Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?
Yes. I'm watching inspirational videos regularly. 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?
Not sure yet but Friday is not working for me.

What is your principal's name?
Greg Baldwin 

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool