---
Kat Evasco
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

Monday 8/17 was the first week of instructions and all the Dream Directors felt really excited to meet the students. All the Dream Directors feel like the schools they are in are a great fit and are beginning to settle into their school communities. 

Branden Balenzuela and I supported at ISA's first day of school. We helped hand out hot coco to students in the morning, and helped set up the tech for the school wide assembly. We also had a chance to introduce The Future Project in front of the students. ISA is a special place with adults who are incredibly dedicated to the students. It is a priority to get a Dream Director at ISA as soon as possible. 

I also had a chance to meet with Kristen Howell, our primary contact at the District to give her updates about TFP and to learn about what's going on at SFUSD. We set up a date for our "District Day" where the Dream Directors will have a chance to meet folks at the District. I was also able to make request to get SFUSD user id's for the Dream Directors so they can access wifi at the schools. It was great to connect with her and learn about the district and why we were asked to go into the schools we are currently in. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

Our team was exhausted! Everyone expressed their excitement, but also clearly expressed how tired they were from traveling and that they wished they had more time to plan. I wish I had more time to plan as well. I would not want my team to experience this again. 

Not having a Dream Director at ISA has been a point of stress and a little anxiety. I felt pressure from the Principal and the District to make sure we hire as soon as possible. More so, I really believe that ISA will benefit much more deeply if we hire a Dream Director sooner than later. I have made a commitment to making this happen. 

We didn't necessarily feel the support from HQ. We did not have our Amex working until late last week, which forced some of us to use our credit cards to make purchase for PD week and to prep for the first week. The biggest issue was the Dream Bus. Matt from HQ had promised to come up with a solution last Friday, but when I followed up he never responded. He hasn't responded since or no follow up at all. This was very disappointing as I really relied on him to stay in integrity to help us get the bus of The Academy. Instead, I had to work most of Sunday to find a place to park it, find a driver, and create a plan to get the bus out of The Academy the morning of the first day of school. Until now, I have yet to hear from Matt. No apologies or anything. I'm sure he was busy, but so were we and if he couldn't do it, it would have helped to at least notify me so I could have worked on it on Friday or sooner. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Follow up with the teams starting school. Ask us what support we might need and follow through on promised support. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 
Yes

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
Haven't seen it. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
NA