---
Eve King
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1. 3 awesome project launches this week! I know this is way too long, but I'm just going to copy and paste the descriptions I sent to my admins. 

Black Student Union (Lead students: Hadiyah Collins, Zakia Pearson, Maleke West)
- Objectives: To bring back a BSU that meets weekly during lunch to learn, discuss issues, and build community. Hadiyah’s older sister, Sydney, has volunteered to help lead these meetings. Also, they would like the group to create and put on a stage show (poetry/testimonial/etc) in February for Black History Month. 
- Progress: I’ve met twice with Hadiyah and Maleke about their vision for a BSU. Sydney, Hadiyah and I met yesterday (9/3) about goals, logistics, and an angenda for the first meeting. Sydney is in the process of completing her volunteer clearance with the district. We are planning to hold the first meeting this coming Thursday during lunch, and I will be ordering pizza. Hadiyah is asking Ms. Okon to use her room, but the Wolf Den is a fallback option. 
Also, we spoke to Paul Quappi (sp?), the tech supervisor for the SOTA main stage. After looking at calendars, we decided the best date(s) for the show would be February 15th or 16th, either during the school day or in the evening. Finally, a contact of mine at Youth Speaks is ready to come lead workshops around spoken word and poetry performance. 

Hip-Hop Recording (Lead students: Islam Dzhabarov, Rico Cornejo, Tariq Burke)
- Objectives: to get the recording equipment up and running, to record student beats, raps, and songs, and –maybe- to produce a full album by the spring. 
- Progress: Last week, Greg, Islam and I checked out the situation with the recording equipment and the sound booth in Room 106. Today from 3:30-5:30PM, Islam, Rico and I will be meeting to pull out the equipment and get everything in working order. They are open to the idea of relocating to one of the booths in the cafeteria (and cleaning it out). In the meantime, I bought a latch and lock that I will screw onto the sound booth in the classroom today. The same contact at Youth Speaks would definitely be able to work with these students, or I could likely find someone else with hip-hop and production experience to come in as a mentor. 

“I [heart] the Mission:” Campaigning for Yes on I and Creating a Video of First-Person Testimonials (Lead student: Hugo Vargas)
- Objectives: I create a YouTube video to let various individuals from around the Bay Area speak about their experience of gentrification, with a specific focus on the Mission. Also, to spread awareness –both at Academy and in the city- about the effects of changing housing conditions and cultural/personal impact on communities of color in SF. 
- Progress: I’ve met with Hugo twice about his personal passion around this issue, as well as some of his goals for this year. He decided he wants to print “I [heart] the Mission” stickers, which we will be designing and ordering next week. I spoke to a local videographer (a USF student) who has helped Future Project students in the past, and he is ready to film and edit a video. Hugo is coming up with a list of individuals to interview: friends, family members, current and past residents of the Mission, etc. He plans to ask them two questions: “Why do you love the Mission?” and “What does gentrification mean to you?”

2. The "passion postcards" went over really well! I just adapted the exact format I used last year at Career, and I am getting a lot back from students already! It's awesome to be able to follow up with the students. 

3. I've met twice with Academy's SRO's, Officer Morrow and Officer Darwin, and we are thinking about putting together some sort of "community conversation" event to connect teenagers with SF cops. Morrow suggested that all the new officers from the SF police academy could come to an event that would be an open space for young people to voice what they want and expect from law enforcement. 

4. Great meeting with the admin team on Friday to recap the year so far and clearly lay out my objectives and plans for the rest of the semester. 

5. Planning to paint my cubicle with students tomorrow!

^. BRANDON, for coming by and getting to meet some of my superstar students AND for shouting me out on the air on Saturday. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1. Obviously, this report being late. I left school so late on Friday that I figured I'd do it later, then I was absolutely not in work mode over the weekend. Definitely on me. 

2. It feels awkward that I can't start the Dream Team application process yet. I'm trying to focus on school-wide events, I'm worried I'm just becoming "the person who does all those events at lunch." I've also been meeting with students about their project ideas and when they'd like to start (some have already), so I worry it will be strange for them to have to double back and apply to join the Dream Team later in the year. 

3. Related to #1, I just already feel overwhelmed with student projects and obligations around Academy (that, yes, I recognize I have chosen to take on). I've definitely been going flat out during the hours I'm at school, then scrambling to get materials or make flyers or whatever when I leave. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

Sure.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

Nope.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Not sure. 

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team? 

Nope.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

SFO or OAK

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

New Haven, NYC, Denver, LA, SF obviously, Oakland, Hayward, Richmond, Fresno, Sacramento (kind of joking but I do have family basically all over NorCal and the valley should TFP ever look to expand there haha)

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible. 

Nope.