---
Eve King
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

I've been so impressed and excited in my one-on-ones with students! It's been downright awesome to really connect with Academy students for the first time and start to brainstorm what their projects could look like. One senior, Lewana, actually told me she couldn't believe I was a real thing because "our school would never get resources like this." Definitely have some earlier front runners for Dream Team members.

The "Wall of Game Changers in History" is a giant hit. I started by putting up 20 (beautiful, high quality) photographs of people I find really inspirational with a sign: "Recognize someone? Add their name and how they changed the game! Have someone in mind who needs to be here? Write them on the suggestions page below!" It was so fun to see students recognize the people I had posted, and, through conversations, I got to share some of my own inspirations. I came back in the afternoon and the suggestions page was overflowing. Hurray!

I was a little unclear what Kat was going to do at my school with me for three hours, but her visit was totally cool. She got to meet some students and talk about potential theater-related opportunities, which was clutch! It'll be good to have her around once a week so she has some context for how everything is going. Also, our one-on-one was great.

I had my first advisory class-- I've got 16 junior advisees. As we move farther into the year, I'm hoping to be involved in planning what the "curriculum" (activity lesson plans) for these weekly meeting will look like. 

Friday Fresh Photoshoot #2 went really well! I now have access to a super loud set of speakers that work through BLUETOOTH so I can play off my phone while I'm also using it to take pictures!! Technology, man.

I am going to have access to nice recording equipment! Two students and I met about their music (past experience and plans for this year) and how they might pursue their own goals while also teaching other students. 

In general I feel like I've settled in with the bell schedule and after school flow. The first week was a little disjointed/frantic but this week felt so much smoother. 

The after school coordinator, Alfredo, is a complete gem. He's been an amazing ally and support as I've been figuring stuff out. Also, great planning meeting with the assistant principal, Karen. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

The vast majority of Monday felt like a waste of time. I'm still openminded and I do believe there can be value in dedicated work time out of our schools. If we do have to be away from students a whole day out of every week, however, I really hope that there is some sort of valuable content or sense of efficiency in covering material. Kat did a good job with the city-specific portion, but the conference call and random gaps for "work time" seemed pretty disorganized. 

I need to be more assertive about my role and my job, because I do feel --at times-- that I'm sort of just being asked to handle various tasks around school. I definitely want to be helpful, but now that we've gotten through the start of school chaos I'm ready to start really focusing on my own agenda. 

I am really behind on logbook. I have all my engagements and student one-on-ones recorded in my notebook, but I haven't had a chance to enter everything in logbook. My commitment is to catch up with that by Monday. Not having a wifi log in yet is very inconvenient, and I think I'll be better about tracking online when I can do it in the moment. 

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

No, but as soon as we are looking for more DD's in SF (aside from ISA which I know is already underway), I have a few people in mind for sure. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?

Can we include the questions that we had in this report last year: "What are your goals for next week?" and "Look back on your goals from last week... Did you accomplish them or why not?" For me, those questions were by far the most helpful and relevant. Highlights and challenges are okay too, but now the weekly report feels like I'm just filling out something to turn it in rather than a tool to help me reflect and plan. Just a suggestion.

What is the Town Hall?