---
Jesse Sanchez
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. Student opened up about a specific situation she was going through (see response number 1 in following question) and we were able to talk through the tears and restore inner peace, at least for the moment.
2. Daylenis and Michelle once again! They are so driven and awesome and working hard to reach out to CBO's in the area on behalf of their dance team!
3. There was a Walking Field Trip in the mission and I was able to bond with a specific number of students that teachers have been referring to me (Andres, Juan, Jennor)

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. Student shared that she was pregnant (had found out that morning) and her concerns for the health of her baby and for herself. I was unprepared / caught off guard for this but reached out to school principal for steps forward.
2. Trying to find the balance between the work and the operations necessary to record the work (reports, budgets, logbook, etc.) Feels like to record is to sacrifice actual time with students. But I'm sure this goes away with time! Just need to get more efficient.
3. I received feedback from Principal that they want me to diversify my outreach to students. E.g. students who "need me most." Trying to see how I can make that happen!


Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?
There are many folks that I am hoping to collaborate with in the Bay.

I actually have a friend who would be DOPE for the Dream Director role. Gabriela Cid. Super amazing. How do we move forward with getting her connected (other than just an email introduction) ?

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
More practical and tangible tools such as curriculum and warm up activities and other cool things like that!