---
Jesse Sanchez
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1.  Romy's enthusiasm for me and TFP! He introduced me to other seniors
2. Target shopping spree! Connected really well with Daylenis and Michelle. Karen is coming along. They are starting a Dance Team! TFP helped found SFIHS Dance team by the second day. They are super charged about starting this team and did outreach, collected signatures, and are preparing speeches.
3. Connected with Kevin about starting a poetry/hip hop club. He told me about his life in El Salvador
4. Connected with a student Joan and teacher said he actually impoved after meeting with me.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1. Photo Booth prep fell apart but we made it work. 
2. A student got stabbed in the chest the first day of school on his walk home.
3. Students are already facing deportations so I'm trying to be supportive.
4. Was told, "Don't look at me! You're ugly!" on the first day in Spanish thinking I wouldn't understand what was said


How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
More support for the first week, first day, and in general

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?
It looked super interesting.

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?
No.



Weekly Report (Due 8/14/15)
What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?
1. Staff shouted me out during Orientation for my enthusiasm
2. Made an ally with one of the other new staff members!
3. Ended the week with an all staff celebration where we were able to build bonds

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?
1. Exhausted from almost 3 weeks on the east coast working with TFP without much of a buffer time
2. A little isolating this week without the TFP family
3. I need to do a better job of finding balance for myself

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
1. Help us prepare for the launch!
2. More support and positive reinforcement from TFP family!
3. More clarity about Dream Directing frameworks