---
Kat Evasco
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

On Monday, 8/24, we participated in our first National Learning Day. It was wonderful to have a day to spend with the team and learn about each others' schools. Eve, Jesse, and Jessica are phenomenal Dream Directors. They are intelligent, motivated, and just good human beings. They are understanding the politics and the needs in their schools and are up for any challenge. I feel blessed to roll with this team. The team also experienced 2 consecutive days off since 4 weeks ago. This was huge! People had more energy! 

I was able to perform my observations at every school and have 1:1's with each Dream Director. I loved this! I love seeing them in action and observing how they interact with students and staff. Students are feeling comfortable approaching them and asking about what they do and are beginning to share their experiences. The time I spend in the schools are game changers this year. I observe, but really, I make myself available to be a thought partner and to find ways to support them with the work they want to do at school. I also identified that time management is a something the team really wants to work on. 

I also really enjoyed seeing all the chiefs in our google hangout. I feel like we are finally reconnecting with the team since coming back from DC Summit. It felt great to check in, see what folks are working on, and feeling the support with one another.  I also got to participate in my first town hall and get to showcase the amazing work the SF Dream Directors are doing.

I also got a chance to reconnect with Timbo, Ashley, and Brandon! This was great, because I am really interested in finding ways to collaborate this year. Seems like Brandon and Ashley are still figuring our their roles and how they want to participate and work with the SF Team. Still a lot of opportunity to build here.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

I was challenged by different communications I was having with Sallome and Zac. At some points, I felt confused because I wasn't sure who to listen to or who's directives to follow. I'm really happy that Sallome and I began our 1:1 last Friday. Through the most recent communications, I feel that we are all on the same page and I feel the support to move forward on the hiring process for the Dream Director at ISA. I'm eager to move on this.

Studio time during National Learning Day was a little confusing. I understand that goal is to create space for the teams across the country to collaborate, but it almost seemed like it was hindering the flow of the day. That could just be our perspective in SF, where it falls in the middle of our day rather than the latter part like the rest of the teams. I believe, as Joseph mentioned in our Joint Chiefs hangout, that it will be more clear and intentional after the launch sequence. 

I'm still settling into my schedule and determining the best dates to do admin and approve reports. Currently I have set up Sunday as day to prep for NLD, approve expensify reports, and review weekly reports. 

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

Anna Maria Luera is expecting me to tell her how to move forward on the hiring process. I was able to reach out to her last night with the next steps. Hoping that the application will be live online by tomorrow as an expectation set by my National Dream Director. 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?
When are we going to learn about what's happening in Detroit? More specifically, how are our Dream Directors doing. I have not been seeing them in the National Learning Days or the Town Halls? Sending them love!