---
Jessica Li
Weekly Report (Due 8/28)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

Students are consistently coming in and they feel comfortable in the space. They have been dropping in to say hello.

The first counseling meeting happened and I'm excited to be apart of it to learn more about everyone involved with student support. There are a lot of organizations who want to see our students in college!

Students from the newcomer club are dropping by my office and they want to learn more about TFP and they want my support in things they are interested in, especially community service opportunities.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

The politics are really getting to some of the staff who are not teachers. There were some rules put into place that are dehumanizing students and creating a space of discipline and not learning.

Students are talking about how they see some of their classes, especially the English language learners, who don't feel like they are understanding some of their elective classes. They are feeling disengaged. I'm hoping to sit in and learn about the classes next week.

There a so many students who want to be apart of TFP but I feel sad that I can't take all of them! They are asking about the applications and I am hoping to have them by September.

Do you have friend or contact who is expecting follow up communication about a work opportunity with The Future Project? If so, what is their name, how you know them, and do you have any additional comments?

N/A. I am looking for coaches for the ladies sports teams here at TMAHS, but they will report directly to the athletics director.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Any questions for the Town Hall?

I would love to be able to check out more spaces during lunch time, it is just so difficult because I like to keep my space opened to the youth and staff. It would be great if I could figure out how I could do that.