---
Kat Evasco
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

National Learning Day went well on 8/31. I still think we're trying to find our groove to really take advantage of our time together on Mondays. The highlight really was Jessica's facilitation of our seminar conversation around Vision 2025, which is the direction SFUSD it heading into. She made an amazing presentation to help lead to team in the discussion. Her keynote skills are on point, but more so, she really engaged the team in a healthy, critical, and inspiring discussion. 

The online application is up for the Dream Director position at ISA. Really excited to get this going! I have sent it to a few individuals I have personally reach out to and also asked the team to share it within their networks. Hoping to find an awesome candidate! 

Finally got some details for our District Day on Tuesday, September 8. Sent out some possible agendas and have confirmed attendance for the team. Wish we had more planning time for this, but ultimately, I feel this is a great opportunity for our DD's to learn about the District and for folks at SFUSD to meet our high caliber Dream Directors.

Had really great coaching time with the Dream Directors. The coaching document I am borrowing from the Art of Hustle is working really well. 

School observations are game changers.  The Dream Directors and I are experiencing the benefits of me visiting, observing, but more so supporting them in their work at the schools. It gives me an opportunities to meet students and learn about what is going on. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

I'm struggling with time management. Between observations, coaching, admin, prepping for National Learning Days, I feel like don't have enough to manage every piece. There are administrative deliverables I need to work on with SFUSD. I also want to build new systems, tools, but haven't had time to innovate. Trying to figure this out, but this has been a sore spot. Last year, Tim had Ali to help with admin, coordinating the team, building systems. In addition, I was hired to support this. Now that it's only me and the Dream Directors, I'm feeling swamped. I would love to solicit the advice of veteran chiefs and my chief to learn how to manage this better. 

I'm learning that every Dream Director has varying needs for support based on the challenges they have at school and their own personal challenges. Eve is really taking flight and years of Dream Directing experience under her belt really shows. She's definitely a leader on our team! I'm learning that I may have to spend more time with Jesse.

In organizing the District Day, I have been keeping Andrew looped in, but I didn't actually hear from him until the night before. This got me feeling a bit anxious and stressed. I would love to learn from Andrew how to turn every meeting into an opportunity for an ask and defining what that ask might be. I feel like I overthought a lot what ended up becoming a more simple meeting with less folks from the SFUSD. It was also a struggle that our contact from the district did not confirm guests for our meeting so ended up going alone. It took the pressure off, but I felt the pressure on the days leading up. 

Miss Julie at SFIHS gave me some feedback around Jesse's performance at school. Unfortunately, the principal has been receiving negative feedback from teachers. It seems that Jesse needs more support. I shared the feedback with Jesse and coached him an additional 2 hours to really process the feedback and figure out a game plan to address some of his challenges. I realize that I have to give Jesse more specific and concise directives. He wants to be innovative but admitted he is more successful when the structure is tighter. My challenge is to help him strike the balance of doing well in a structure with enough room for innovation. 


Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

I feel like we are on our way, but I need to find a way to really focus on this more these coming weeks. I'm trying to figure out how each of the Dream Directors can take some leadership during NLDs during seminar and studio time to facilitate ways for us to collaborated more efficiently. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

NA

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

NA

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I'm allergic to shrimp, crab, lobster.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
Oakland or SFO

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
Los Angeles

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
I have a live-in partner.