---
Eve King
Weekly Report (Due 8/21)
---

FOR THIS WEEK:

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

1. I know this sounds vague, but I really love the student body at Academy. Everyone is so friendly to me! I've already really connected with several students and talked about their passions and potential projects. I set up a table at lunchtime for three days and had students help me collect "this year I will" declarations from their peers. We got almost 200 cards, which looked awesome all posted on the cafeteria windows. 

2. I gave thank-you cards and cookies to all the teachers this morning, and I really like getting to connect with each of them individually. Also, I'm creating a "wall of faculty and staff" with silly pictures and the answers to prompts like "when I was in high school…", so it gave me a chance to ask for the responses in person! (Much better than an email.)

3. I got to speak in each of the grade level assemblies to introduce myself and TFP. I made a very off-the-wall powerpoint of entirely memes and my own sketches to explain what a DD does. Went over well with students, I think!

4. I had every Academy student sign their name on a long yellow banner when they came in on Monday. I don't know what I'm going to do with it, but it was a cool way to interact t=with students as they came in and start to learn their names. 

5. The definite highlight of the week was the photoshoot today at lunch! I made a giant yellow background with our wolf logo, then brought signs and silly props for students to wear and hold up. I talked to a (very loud) group of upperclassmen on Thursday and told them about it, and they were absolutely key in helping hype it up. The pictures are fantastic, and I'm planning to print them 11x17 and post them around the school. Looking forward to the next Friday Photobooth!

*General note*: I have a ton of photos from this week that I can upload/ pass along this weekend. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

1. Not having a login for the SFUSD internet yet is a big hurdle. I've been running my laptop off a hotspot from my phone when absolutely necessary, but for the most part I've been offline. (Also, since I don't have internet in my apartment yet, I pretty much have to post up in a coffee shop to use my computer.)

2. Honestly, I have never felt more isolated from the rest of TFP than I did the last two weeks. To be clear, I really love my school and I feel like the launch has been great. However, it seemed like Jesse, Jessica and I were completely left to our own devices this week. Kat was good about checking in via text, but she was obviously swamped at ISA. Ironically, all the returning DD's were together last week, presumably working on improving communication within TFP... Meanwhile, we had no money on our Amexes after multiple requests, Kat had zero support around moving the bus away from Academy, etc.

3. The Dream Bus was a nightmare, but I don't need to run through all of that again. Kat and Tim came through in the absolute clutch, so the problem was solved with literally 20 minutes to spare before students showed up. Hilariously, there's a rumor going around campus that the bus was stolen, haha.

4. I was excited to have Brandon visit this week, but he kept having meetings come up-- we rescheduled a couple times then never even made it happen. Hopefully next week! 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Having my business cards will be an improvement! And just having a chance to see Brandon and Ashley will be really helpful. 

Did you complete the Integrity Survey? 

I don't know. 

What thoughts did you have about "Most Likely to Succeed" after viewing it?

I'm really passionate about a lot of these concepts-- school models that set children up for real-world success, ways to proactively teach creativity and innovation, etc. I don't know if the film introduced me to any new ideas, but it was definitely powerful to see and hear from individuals. 

Do you have any questions that you would like addressed for next week's Town Hall (should impact the entire organization)?

Nope.

FOR LAST WEEK, because there wasn't an option for it:

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

1. I got Starbucks and Mollie Stone's to donate breakfast and coffee for each of the two faculty PD days. Then Miraloma Taqueria gave us a huge deal on burritos for lunch for the entire staff. Definitely a way to make staff trainings a bit better! Plus, Greg paid for the burritos out of the school's budget.

2. The faculty and staff at Academy is pretty much the exact opposite of Career. Teachers here are younger on the whole and seem much happier to be at school and spend time with students. While the faculty at Career was almost entirely white, there are a lot of teachers of color at Academy. Honestly, it was my first experience being in a faculty meeting where the vibe of the room wasn't actively glum. 

3. My principal, Greg, seems a little nuts but is definitely going to give me a lot more freedom and encouragement than Dr. Negron.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve?

1. I was very frazzled coming back from two weeks on the road and having to immediately jump into staff training. I got everything prepped and ready that I needed to, but I wish I'd had a week or two rather than just that Sunday. 

2. Students smoking on the Dream Bus, students climbing on top of the bus, the bus getting tagged, every single teacher asking me when the bus was going to be moved, complete lack of response from Matt regarding his commitment to find an alternative location for the bus. Luckily Kat is amazing and found a spot for it the day before school started, and Tim was able to come at 7am on the first day to ride over with the driver.