---
Jessica Li
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights?

I finally found a coach and assistant coach for ladies volleyball. My friend from high school, Peter, is the assistant coach for Burton's volleyball team. I asked him if he could come coach for Thurgood. Luckily, he was able to come and also bring a person who could be here everyday to coach the ladies. They will be having longer practices after everyone gets their physicals in.

Met with one of the counselors and he was able to provide a lot of great information, he's been here since 2009. He has seen the school go from 1,000+ students to the 450 it is at now. He says in the recent years it has declined and continued to decline. He is a great ally and he cares very much about the students and their success.

New snacks from Costco finally arrived and the students have been enjoying the new snacks. The students understand the snacks get filled twice and day and they all come to try to get some.

I was able to have a meeting with the Filipino Youth Coalition (FYC) here and their advisors. There are three remaining members and they are hoping to recruit more. I was able to introduce myself to the first BSU meeting. There were a lot of students as well as the advisors see me as an ally and would like the youth to collaborate with me. 

Phoenix Fridays are back! We started with salsa music to get everyone hyped up!

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

Hearing constantly, that the two staff leaders at Thurgood are not hear for the students but more so for themselves. One person was fired as a VP from another school and was placed here and the principal interviewed for a job at another school but was placed here. How can we change this perception?

Students want more clubs at the school but their aren't teachers for these clubs. Students also do not want to stay afterschool

Students know there is a reputation at Thurgood and they sometimes continue to reproduce the negative reputation.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

I feel comfortable with the possibility audit and the personal possibility audit, it's really extensive. Is the possibility plan apart of the audit?

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

N/A

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

It would be really helpful to have the application for the Dream Team set so that we have guidelines to prepare students and student allies with. Many of the staff have mentioned to me that last year, English Language Learner (ELL) students were not represented on the Dream Team even though they make up 50% of the school population. Staff have informed me that the application from last year was not easily accessible for even the students who's English proficiency was higher. I would love to have the application so that I could show it to the adults who work with many of the ELL population to be sure that it is accessible to all of the students. 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?

I have an iron deficiency and it would be really helpful to have foods rich in iron such as beef or leafy greens (like kale and spinach). Carbohydrates fill me up without giving me the iron I need. If that's not possible, let me know and I will be sure to pack more iron supplements with me. 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

San Francisco International Airport (SFO)

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

San Francisco

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.

I have a domestic partner