---
Eve King
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1. It was great to get so many passion postcards back! I followed up with every student by email or text to thank them for sharing, offer three ideas for ways they might make this project a reality OR make this passion into a project, and give them at least one action step. Since many of them came to talk to me in person about my note, I was able to pitch the idea of the Dream Team and give them the one-pager (which Hugo Vargas helped me create, another highlight!). Writing out 40+ personal emails and texts took an insanely long time, but I do think it was a valuable way to connect with students. 

2. The first BSU meeting happened on Thursday at lunch. We got about 30 students, which was a really encouraging turnout! Sydney, the volunteer who will be helping lead the group (and Hadiyah's older sister) did a fantastic job. I met with her last week to map out an agenda, but obviously a lot was riding on her ability as a facilitator, and I hadn't seen her in action withs students until Thursday. Point is, she is really good. 

3. My advisory is going great! The assistant principal gives us a lesson plan for each meeting, but honestly the lessons are super dry. I've been knocking out the essential points then just going off script, and we've done some great team bonding activities and gotten into some cool discussions.

4. Hip hop recording is officially into week two! The students seem really committed and would probably stay after school every day if they could. Very cool.

5. We painted the inside of my cubicle/area in the main office! Students are going to knock out some graffiti lettering on top of the blue background we did today. 

6. I helped three sophomores reach out to the SPCA about supporting a school fundraiser. They got practice writing a professional email, and the SPCA got right back to them with ideas and suggestions! 

7. Jesse came to Academy on Tuesday! We went to the soccer game and volleyball age and walked around the school a bit. 


What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1. In it's current form, I don't feel that National Learning Day is useful or effective. Kat and I connected about making that time more relevant and productive this coming week, so I'm definitely staying open minded about the concept. As I've said a few times, it's just really challenging to be out of school for an entire day, and missing Monday is especially hard. I think focusing more on tangible tasks within our city will be much better than trying to collaborate across several cities who are at completely different points in the flow of the school year. 

2. I brought this up to Joseph last week, but I'm definitely feeling challenged that we haven't been able to start recruiting our Dream Teams yet. I have honestly just pushed ahead a bit on my own and incorporated a lot of things I created last year. I'm happy to share materials (passion postcards, flyers, first round applications) with whoever-- At this point I've just been passing stuff along to the SF team and Christian because I don't know how we share resources this year (wasn't there a google drive at some point?). It's really frustrating to feel like San Francisco is being asked to "just hold on" so we can be on the same timeline as other cities. While I appreciate that NYC only started school this week, for example, we've been in school for a month and any sort of beginning-of-the-year momentum is probably gone by now. I've already started working with students to launch projects, so it seems awkward to have them backtrack to apply to join the DT to create a project. 

3. I feel like I'm about 2 weeks behind in everything, and there are more things piling up faster than I can get stuff done. I have everything written down, but I haven't had any time to put stuff into logbook. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 

No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

It seems a little busywork-ish to fill out this report, plus a weekly principal update (which I recognize not all DD's have to do), and the check-in doc for Kat. Kat's document is super helpful in prompting me to create to-do lists and think about how I will work through challenges and build on each week. I still wonder if that sort of framing would be more useful as a weekly report rather than just listing unconnected highlights and lowlights each week?

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? Are you eating regularly? Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Are you managing your finances well? Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated?

1) No
2) Yes
3) Yes
4) Yes
5) I guess
6) Sure

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting?

Anytime on Monday because we're not at school.

What is your principal's name?

Greg Markwith 

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool