---
SupaNova Slom
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? We have a awesome monday building as team and sharing ideas around future moves. We have a awesome time recruiting over 100 people for the possibility of joining the newark team as coaches and volunteers  for our various launches in the city and school wide  projects though out the next year. The first day of school i was able to spend the day helping our launches at West side, East side, Shabazz high and Weuaqway high.

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? Not fully clear on my cross responsibilities working with my team in newark and possibly with the movement team. We need better communication on team newark, around how we can better support each other more effectively in our schools. A few times this week team members did not a have all materials in deeded to fully rock out in the schools IE low on buttons, speakers and tpf banners, would love for all of us to be up on this asap.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?  Yes.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? any details on jan 2016 training in the bay area, CA.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? Keep up the great work.


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team? Vegan ..Veggie Options

2. What is your preferred departure airport? Newark International

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with? Atlanta and Los Angelas

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible. I have a 10 yr old Daughter.