---
Brittany Harley
Weekly Report (Due 9/11)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. It was pleasure being at The USchool on Tuesday with Hakim. It was great seeing him in his element and already having students on board supporting him.
2. Although my stomach illness was in full effect after leaving Philly, it was reassuring to have the support of not only my city team but also the leadership team over at Malcolm X Shabazz High School.
3. I was unable to be present for the first convocation/advisory board meeting that The Future Project was nominated to be a part of to design what each convocation and advisory will look like this year. However, the Future Project will have 5 minutes each morning during convocation to present to the student body. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. A pain point would be my health taking me out for the week. It was very unexpected. 
2. An area to improve is to complete the proper follow up with GI specialist and an MRI I have to get done immediately.
3. A pain point was being out of my school all week. I missed being around the students and must address the impact next week.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
N/a

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week? The Future Project can be 10% better next week by referring me to the best gastrointestinal doctors and nutritionist around the country. 

A wellness check-up (Please answer each of the following questions): Are you getting "enough" sleep? No. Are you eating regularly? Yes. Are you spending quality time with your loved ones? Yes. Are you managing your finances well? No.  Are you engaged in your emotional, spiritual, and/or physical practices regularly? No. Are you feeling intellectually and/or creatively stimulated? Yes. 

Townhalls happen at 5:30PM on a Friday. If this time/day (or seeing the video afterward) isn't working for you and you were going to recommend another ideal day/time, when would you recommend we consider broadcasting? 
Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday at 5pm.

What is your principal's name? 
Damon Holmes

***Please note: If you were expecting questions from the research team in this weekly report regarding surveys in your school, those questions can be found at go.dream.org/surveysinschool