---
Tracee Thomas
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

So Launch happened! Students came back to school and I got to engage with students (finally)
Led an awesome moment in PD with staff where they worked together to create a ritual. 
Had an awesome meeting with a community partner that is willing to help (and fund) some beautification projects at West Side #TransformingClimate

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Not thinking through all the details of launch enough to pre-plan components of launch i.e decorate school night before instead of morning of, order professionally blown up balloons, negotiate a better price for DJ. Have a follow up event for students to attend to capitalize off of first day excitement. 


Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

Possibly. I actually needed to sit down with someone who had a complete model of a work plan created for me to see what all of these pieces would ultimately look like in terms of creating a daily work plan for myself. I think that now that i have that structure, I can better attack the Launch sequence. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

Not at the moment

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Earlier invites to TFP Birthday celebration! 

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I'm a seafood-a-tarian...( i know theres an official word for it, but im spelling it wrong and Word keeps trying to tell me it's Presbyterian...so)

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
EWR!!!

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

Philly/DC. Would just need to know how far away from meeting sites I would be since those are fairly large cities. 


4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
I have a boo. We are not spoused but my boo is a family commitment. Also, I am the primary caregiver for my father who has currently has limited physical mobility.