---
Chopp Stewart
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 

1. As students walked through the metal detectors, freshly decorated with paper flowers and balloons, I felt overjoyed to be in the presence of such magic. It was time for "check-in" I watched bubbles fill the air surrounding the metal detectors, and thought, "yaaaay, the bubble machine idea worked". 
2. Crowning the mayor, Ras Baraka, on his first day of school visit to WHS (Weequahic High School). 
2. Everyday, in this first week of school, I passed out flower crowns and gold paper crowns, spreading the message of "You Are Royal"! *as I mentioned there was a bubble machine involved!!!!
4. I overheard a returning student mention that, "the only thing that upgraded was The Future Project." He was having a conversation, over lunch, about his impression of the school this year. *he is one of the "popular" students too!!!!
5. A lovely teacher, Ms. Pancreasean (please excuse the spelling) , stopped me in the stairwell to remark on how great she thought the first day of school was, and spoke of her conversation with a student where he also mentioned how much he enjoyed it. 

* denotes that I am quite excited

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 

1. Timing, timing, timing, timing. There were definitely a few points where I was rushing around, having done things last minute, and it was not efficient and did not work. 
2. I need to acknowledge myself more. I was so surprised to hear several people, including students, acknowledge how much they enjoyed being greeted in the morning with crowns and bubbles! I thought at first I did not make the kind of splash I wanted, but oh I did...a wave of joy was felt by most the "first" two days of school. Even if for just  a moment, I must admit that any action of loving kindness matters. 
3. I was standing in the office, the day before school was to start, and a security guard walks in, the first things she says is, "they killed a boy out there, just now". A young 15 year old boy had just been murdered at the corner store on the block up the street from Weeqauhic High School, and business carried on as usual.

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?

Yes.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?

No.

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?

Have a solid plan for how to utilize apprentices this year.

A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?

Yes, raw vegan.

2. What is your preferred departure airport?

EWR- Newark Airport

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?

No.

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.

No.