---
Brittany Harley
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
1. Three Dream Team Alums (Eric Abney, Joe Grant and Jayquan Hargrove) came to Shabazz to serve as volunteers on my first day launch. It was incredibly rewarding to experience my first day with students that I have watched evolve over the last two years. 
2. Vice Principal, Mr. Ellis planned a morning pep rally to introduce all staff (myself included) and get students excited about the year. About 25 minutes before the start of the pep rally, Mr. Ellis could not get in contact with the DJ and leaned on me for support. I already had DJ equipment for the afternoon and called up a friend to see if he was available to be DJ immediately. It all worked out and I was able to pull a major win with administration. 
3. It was great seeing new faces and faces I know very well. I was received with a lot of love and excitement. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
1. After my first day launch, it was crystal clear that it is key to have a detailed plan of execution for your volunteers so that they are clear about their roles and responsibility. This is an area I would like to improve.
2. A pain point was having a DJ that was not familiar with the population they were playing for. I now know to have a conversation in advance about any specifics that I need delivered. 
3. I did not create what success looks like for myself on my first day launch and I was hard on myself for the hiccups that happened throughout the day. I changed the context of how everything was occurring for me and was able to be present with my students and that made a difference. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you? 
I do feel that I am on track to complete the Launch Sequence by October 1st.

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared? 
N/a

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
Any updates on iPads? 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
VEGAN!

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
Newark Airport

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with? 
No

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
No