---
Emma Trout
Weekly Report (Due 9/4)
---

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Bright Spots, or highlights? 
-First day of school: So exciting! Met so many kiddos, went into every classroom, started getting to know my kiddos and have led morning assembly every morning. 
- First coaching session: Coached a student named Davinah, who is going to build a project about including TFP in every classroom in the school <3 
- Parent Night:  SO MANY PARENTS CAME. Over 100 parents and students came to the parent night, I met tons of kids and their parents. 
- High Five Friday: The kiddos were so excited about it and I have plans to make some High Five Friday T-shirts made in different colors for every Friday. 

What 3-5 moments stood out this week as Pain Points, or areas to improve? 
Public Shaming: There was a really strange incident with the 9th graders were they had to apologize in front of the entire high school, the students were really upset about it and it felt as if they were being put to shame in front of the other students in order to scare them. 
Discipline Issues at school: In general the discipline is handled in a way that doesn't align with the way that I think that students should be handled. This has been really challenging for me and may be something I want to take care of.
Self Care:  I didn't plan well enough for this first week and ended up not getting very much sleep, compiled with the lack of time off in between training and the PD started, I haven't taken care of myself- this weekend I will get back on track. 

Do you feel like you are on track to complete the Launch Sequence on October 1st (possibility audit and plan, personal possibility audit, promises and proof points)? If not, what would make a difference for you?
I think I am mostly on track to finish those items, I would like more information on the promises and proof points (examples etc. ) in order to make sure those are strong. I think that the language could be tighter around what those items are actually called, The Future Plan was used and now it is only the Possibility Plan? Maybe we could have those uploaded in Logbook soon too so that we could track progress. 

Do you have any questions for the next Town Hall or any news that you'd want to be shared?
My first week in schools! Working with middle schoolers- so excited! 

How can The Future Project as an organization be 10% better next week?
We should figure out a way to support outside of city teams on a more regular way! 


A FEW QUESTIONS TO MAKE IT EASIER FOR US TO MAKE TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOU...

1. Do you have special dietary needs or restrictions we should be aware of for when food is being ordered for the team?
I don't eat Mayo or Pork! 

2. What is your preferred departure airport?
Newark 

3. Are  there cities where you would not need lodging/accommodations because you have family or friends to stay with?
N/A

4. Do you have a spouse or children? We want to be mindful of family commitments whenever possible.
Just a girlfriend and a dog!